{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 -\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
\b "POINT OF CHAOS"\b0\par
Originally Created and Written by\par
Bee Fox & Timothy J. Thress\par
September, 7th 2013\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
-\par
\par
\par
FADE IN:\par
af\'b7fect\'b7ed [af-ek\rquote tid] adj.\par
1. Acted upon, influenced, or changed.\par
2. Emotionally stirred or moved.\par
3. Infected or attacked, as by disease.\par
The AMERICAN HERITAGE dictionary of the English Language\par
EXT. OUTER SPACE\par
WE HEAR a television commercial begin to play on a television in the Derian\rquote s house. Someone controls a remote and lacks the patience to wait. They only find other commercials and telemarketers as they station surf.\par
CREDIT SEQUENCE:\par
Alpha Centauri A is an enormous ball of fire. A star, not unlike our sun, and it is big.\par
The flames and heat from Alpha Centauri A are forcing its magnetosphere to glow with perpetual fiery explosions, creating a beautiful display of power. \par
These explosions are then gravitationally tugged, creating loop like bindings of fiery plasma that stretch out from the surface. \par
Alpha Centauri A appears to be in a state of chaos.\par
Alpha Centauri A has white hot patches of tornadic fire that pulse with nearly unchartable energy.\par
An amazingly huge \ldblquote X-80\rdblquote  flare bursts off the side of the star and rockets off into space.\par
Alpha Centauri A slowly reveals this chaotic activity that encompasses its surface.\par
Alpha Centauri A releases a smaller \ldblquote X-20\rdblquote  flare that shoots down into space.\par
The energy of Alpha Centauri A appears to pulse with tension.\par
A relatively small \ldblquote X-30\rdblquote  flare bursts from near the top of Alpha Centauri A.\par
Energy appears to be bursting from the seams of the star, as Alpha Centauri A continues to turn and it becomes entirely viewable from top to bottom.\par
A small \ldblquote X-20\rdblquote  flare bursts near the side of Alpha Centauri A as the star continues turning.\par
There are stars surrounding Alpha Centauri A, but they only appear as small little dots of light within the pitch black of space, and they are only visible near the edges of Alpha Centauri A\rquote s surface.\par
Another enormous flare of the \ldblquote X-80\rdblquote  caliber, erupts, and rockets towards the CAMERA.\par
The CAMERA is pushed by this \ldblquote X-80\rdblquote  flare and flung out into the empty vastness of space behind us.\par
Another slightly smaller \ldblquote X-70\rdblquote  flare follows behind the \ldblquote X-80\rdblquote  as Alpha Centauri A launches a barrage of fire out into space.\par
There is a bronze colored planet nearby, amongst a sea of stars.\par
It\rquote s a burnt husk of a rocky planet, covered with craters, that orbits close to Alpha Centauri A.\par
There is another planet that floats in and passes near the CAMERA, appearing to be so close as to almost crash into.\par
It\rquote s a gas giant, huge and magnificent with its colorful storms streaking over the surface.\par
A Moon.\par
In fact this gas giant has many moons of various masses.\par
A giant Comet moves past, leaving a trail of sparkling plasma in its wake.\par
Alpha Centauri A slowly recedes as planets and space debris race by.\par
Many asteroids appear in a belt, stretching out before us.\par
Asteroids and rocky debris seem to spread out forever.\par
The entire solar system is on display and the asteroids and debris vanish into the blackness of space as the distance is increased.\par
More frozen rocky bodies race by amid the dark vast emptiness of space.\par
Now the darkness is lessoned slightly as we reach the outer solar system and its lonely icy bodies orbiting within.\par
Pluto and its moons race past. Charon the most noticeable of the moons, orbits near the slightly larger planet. Pluto and its moons appear as pale icy masses, hurtling through the dimness of space.\par
There are icy bodies scattered throughout the vastness of the \ldblquote Kuiper Belt.\rdblquote\par
Neptune becomes visible as we move farther along. It is a massive blue sphere with small bands of white, streaking along its surface. Triton and the other thirteen moons orbit around the planet.\par
Uranus is a featureless and hazy pale blue icy gas giant and its twenty-seven moons and horizontal rings speed around it. It only appears as a small little planet off in the distance of space.\par
The color striped bands of Saturn contain dust, ice, and rock. As we pass through the rings, we see the massive yellow banded surface of the gas giant, Saturn. It also contains a huge white circle in its southern hemisphere where a giant storm rages. Titan is the largest of the many moons that orbit this huge planet.\par
The \ldblquote Red Spot\rdblquote  of Jupiter becomes visible as the largest planet of our solar system moves in. The churning and grinding atmosphere streaks across its surface. Jupiter\rquote s moon, Io, erupts volcanic mountains as it and its plethora of sibling moons speed by as they orbit around the gas giant.\par
Mars, red and dry, floats by in the distance. Its too far away to make out much of its two moons.\par
The sun and the earth\rquote s moon both move in as the earth\rquote s atmosphere begins to pass by. The now partially dissipated \ldblquote X-80\rdblquote  flare strikes the earths atmosphere, causing aurora plasma effects that are mostly hidden due to the brightness of the sun. It will take hours for the flare to pass. \par
Alpha Centauri A has become just a small little dot of light amongst the vast blue-sky.\par
\ldblquote POINT OF CHAOS\rdblquote\par
EXT./INT. DERIAN HOUSE - MORNING (DECEMBER, 21)\par
Our familiar sun burns much larger some few degrees to the left of the now barely apparent Alpha Centauri A, that was so bright just minutes before.\par
Revealing trees and houses which line the far side of the street. A cold peaceful morning. Birds singing in harmony to the new sun. Patches of snow on the suburban streets. MISTER HEARTLY, an elderly man in his mid-eighties is slowly walking on his daily trip to the mail box. He throws a peaceful wave as he continues slowly prodding along behind his walker.\par
MICHAEL, a somewhat successful thirty-five-year old husband and father of two, sips on his coffee as he picks up his morning newspaper off the front porch. His breath is visible in the brisk winter air. He has a white shirt and brown checkered tie-tied loosely around his neck. His neatly trimmed black curly hair and a goatee, with his smooth black skin, sell him as the business manager that he is. It is hard for Michael to not be happy and today is no exception. He waves back to Mister Heartly.\par
MICHAEL\par
(waving)\par
Morning!\par
THADIUS is standing in the drive-way next door. There is a fire-fighter emblem on the bottom of the rear window. Thadius uses his keys to unlock the door. He opens the door and begins loading their hunting gear into the sports utility vehicle. \par
MICHAEL (CONT\rquote D)\par
(sipping on his coffee)\par
Good morning neighbor! Been keeping them fires in check?\par
THADIUS\par
(with a look and wink)\par
All except my ex-wife. She\rquote s constantly burning me... right in my ass.\par
MICHAEL\par
(chuckles; remembering)\par
Well, she is a black-woman... and very... ummm... flamboyant!\par
THADIUS\par
Annoying... I\rquote d say \ldblquote annoying,\rdblquote  best describes her.\par
MICHAEL\par
(jokingly)\par
My wife would probably say that best describes me...\par
Michael changes the subject when he notices JOSHUA, Thadius\rquote  camouflage wearing ten-year old son, come out of the house carrying a cooler and a bag that contains a couple thermoses. Unlike his dad, Joshua has lighter skin and is very book-smart while his dad actually wears the look of the hunter.\par
MICHAEL (CONT\rquote D)\par
So, finally going to get Josh a big ol\rquote  buck?\par
Thadius is packing his things into the sports utility vehicle. Thadius is a large man in comparison with Michael and easily stands six-inches taller. He is a mid-thirties black-man who doesn\rquote t wear any facial hair and keeps himself in excellent physical condition. Despite his recent divorce, he manages to be pretty happy with his life. Maybe not quite as happy as Michael? But, still a pretty content and loving father to Joshua-his only son.\par
THADIUS\par
Yeah... I\rquote m hoping... I figured we could get an early start by taking off this morning and not have to fight the damn traffic. \par
MICHAEL\par
Good plan. Those idiots out there will kill ya. Too busy texting and shit. Especially those women. Yesterday, I was giving a test-drive to this little blonde number. \par
(looks to make sure the wife can\rquote t hear)\par
Cute as hell. Her phone starts buzzing and she pulls it out, going on about this Brock... or Brad? Or something? Anyway, she reads his text and gets all excited and starts texting her damn message. The cars swerving back and forth and she\rquote s cursing about how her phone won\rquote t text what she presses and she keeps having to delete the typo on every damn letter. Meanwhile, we\rquote re headed straight into oncoming traffic. I\rquote m having a freakin\rquote  heart-attack so I grab the wheel and we swerve just in time to miss the semi-truck that\rquote s heading right towards us. The worst part was, she didn\rquote t even see the truck. I can\rquote t believe I made it back alive that day... I thought for sure I was dead...\par
(smiling)\par
...did manage to sell her the car though. She\rquote ll probably just end up crashing and dying today... but, at least I won\rquote t get killed.\par
Joshua walks around the sports utility vehicle and places the cooler and bag into the back seat.\par
MICHAEL (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to Joshua)\par
Well, Joshua, it looks like you get to play hooky today. I bet you\rquote re excited?\par
Joshua places his bag into the sports utility vehicle and turns to look at Michael.\par
JOSHUA\par
Yeah sir Mister Derian. I\rquote m pretty excited to be spending time with my dad. We haven\rquote t spent much time together, here lately. \par
MICHAEL\par
You should be. I remember spending time with my dad... and going on trips together. He was a huge Reds fan and we\rquote d go to a different away game every year. Plus, we\rquote d always go to Cincinnati every year to spend some time with my grandpa... and all three of us would go to the game... lots of good memories.\par
Thadius walks over towards Michael with his cell-phone in hand. \par
THADIUS\par
Hey Mike, I was gonna see if you\rquote d take a picture of Josh and me for our first real hunting trip together?\par
Michael walks out into the yard to get the cellphone from Thadius.\par
MICHAEL\par
(smiling)\par
I would love to...\par
THADIUS\par
(handing Michael his cellphone)\par
Thanks, Mike. I really appreciate it... Josh, get over here for a second and get your picture taken with your old man.\par
JOSHUA\par
Yes, sir.\par
Joshua runs over to Thadius who embraces him for the picture.\par
MICHAEL\par
(holding the phone)\par
Say cheese!\par
THADIUS / JOSHUA\par
(simultaneously; smiling)\par
Cheese!!!\par
MICHAEL\par
(takes the picture and then looks at it)\par
Good looking crew.\par
Michael hands back the phone to Thadius. Thadius and Joshua both look at the picture. Michael walks back to his porch. We HEAR the television commercials finally end and \ldblquote Great Morning USA\rdblquote  begins to air from inside the Derian\rquote s house.\par
THADIUS\par
(looking at the picture)\par
Thanks Mike.\par
\par
Michael heads inside. DEE, the thirty-five year old house-wife is still wearing her cutest pajama bottoms and matching top. She is busy serving breakfast to her family. Her looks seem to defy her age and motherhood as she is a full-figured and attractive woman, if not a bit skinny? Her light-chocolate skin looks smooth and subtle. Dee\rquote s hair is straitened and almost shoulder-length, but still needing her attention this morning.\par
There are four plates with bacon and potato\rquote s awaiting only the eggs. Dee grabs a plate and proceeds to place a helping of the scrambled eggs on the plate.\par
\par
Dee tosses the phone on the counter next to her purse and her car keys. She grabs the plate of toasted bread, with her now free hand, and sets it in the center of the table. She places the other plate in front of SKYLER. Skyler is a fourteen-year-old and has longer hair (past her shoulders) and it is a bit curlier than her mother\rquote s. She also carries her mothers\rquote  good looks. She is a cheer-leader and one of the most popular girls in her school.\par
\par
\par
Michael sets his coffee cup down on the table, giving his daughter a smile and a look.\par
\par
Skyler sighs in frustration and sets her cell-phone down. She then, silently, begins to dig into the food on her plate. Michael walks over to briefly look out the window.\par
\par
GEORGIE, nine years old and innocently charming, turns sheepishly away from the home theatre system near the Christmas tree and walks towards the table with a mischievous smile on his face. Georgie has a head full of curled black hair and his innocent looks have gotten him out of trouble on more than one occasion.\par
\par
\par
Michael and Georgie both sit down at the table.\par
\par
Michael takes a drink from his coffee cup before opening the newspaper.\par
Dee gives both Michael and Georgie their plates of food.\par
\par
\par
Dee sits down at the table, next to Michael, with her plate.\par
\par
Georgie uses his mobile device to select a feature enabling him to use the home theatre system remotely.\par
MALE ANCHOR (V.O.)\par
(on television)\par
So tell us about this book.\par
The home theatre system turns on.\par
FEMALE ANCHOR (V.O.)\par
(on television)\par
Doesn\rquote t it have something to do with a new star they discovered?\par
Skyler looks at Georgie with contempt-because, he seems to be able to play on his mobile device without a word said about it.\par
\par
Georgie gives Skyler a knowing smile.\par
\par
\par
Georgie uses his finger to press the play button which is displayed on his mobile device.\par
DREW ZORKMAN (V.O.)\par
(continuing)\par
Now we get to hear about this garbage since the world didn\rquote t blow up on december-twenty-first-two-thousand-twelve like all you nut-cases said it would...\par
Loud guns and explosions blast from the speakers of the entertainment center. Dee, Michael and Skyler all explode with fearful surprise. Michael spills his coffee all over his shirt and tie. Dee knocks her whole plate of food onto the floor and Skyler spills her glass of juice onto the table. Georgie begins to laugh inaudibly behind the noise coming from the speakers.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Georgie presses stop on his mobile device as he tries to stifle his giggles.\par
\par
\par
Skyler grabs her cell-phone and marches off towards her room.\par
\par
Michael removes his coffee-soaked shirt and tie.\par
\par
\par
Dee reaches over and grabs the device from Georgie\rquote s hand.\par
\par
\par
Dee grabs the coffee-stained shirt and takes some of the dirty dishes to the sink and throws Georgie\rquote s device on the counter-top. The television goes black and silent as the station suddenly stops broadcasting its program. \par
Michael sits back down, wiping up Skyler\rquote s spilt juice from the table.\par
A station logo and an emergency broadcast tone comes from the television as Dee goes to the closet to grab the broom and dustpan.\par
MICHAEL\par
(quietly; smiling towards Georgie while cleaning)\par
Takes after his old man.\par
Dee drops the dustpan to the floor and leans the broom against the table before taking the coffee-stained shirt to the laundry room. \par
Georgie smiles, apologetically, at his father. \par
GEORGIE\par
Sorry dad...\par
Skyler screams loud and angry. Georgie turns to look.\par
GEORGIE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(surprised)\par
Huh?\par
Skyler stabs Georgie in the eye with a pair of scissors.\par
GEORGIE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(life draining spasms)\par
Uhh... uhhhgg...\par
Michael quickly stands up, reacting as Skyler rips the bloody scissors from Georgie\rquote s eye socket, with a spattering of blood.\par
MICHAEL\par
(shouting)\par
No!!!\par
Skyler growls viciously and begins stabbing Georgie repeatedly throughout the chest and neck area.\par
Michael lunges forward, eventually grabbing his scissor wielding daughter by the wrist. \par
MICHAEL (CONT\rquote D)\par
(incredulously)\par
Stop! Oh my god!\par
(sobbing)\par
Skyler, what have you done?\par
Skyler viciously turns and attacks Michael, sinking her teeth into his face. Michael screams out in pain. Skyler pulls her hand free and stabs Michael through the arm with a growling snarl. \par
MICHAEL (CONT\rquote D)\par
(looks at his arm; crying out in pain)\par
What is wrong with you? Have you lost your mind?\par
The emergency broadcast tone finally stops and an engine rev\rquote s-up outside.\par
\par
Dee, emerging from the laundry room, see\rquote s the incredible as tires squeal on the pavement outside.\par
\par
Dee begins to rush towards her children as Michael struggles with Skyler to get the scissors from her grip.\par
EMERGENCY BROADCAST (V.O.)\par
(continuing)\par
Adams... Cros--\par
There is a loud crash as Thadius\rquote  sports utility vehicle busts through the wall of the house, smashing into and killing Michael instantly, as it throws Skyler away in an explosion of debris and Christmas presents. Georgie\rquote s already lifeless body lays crushed underneath the vehicle. \par
The front door and a shower of drywall particles, flies towards Dee, crushing her under its darkened weight.\par
The sports utility vehicle with the dust and debris settling, is now quiet because the engine has shut off. RACK FOCUS as We HEAR a loud high-pitched ringing and a fast heart-beat.\par
The dust continues to float about in the air, shining in the shafts of bright sunlight now streaming into the room.\par
Dee is trapped beneath the front door and various debris.\par
Dee can\rquote t breath because the impact has knocked the air from her lungs, her mouth opening and closing like a fish that has been drawn from the water.\par
The smashed sports utility vehicle rocks slightly. The loud ringing and heart-beat continues and thumps begin to come from the driver-side door. \par
Dee finally takes a deep labored breath.\par
Another thump and the sports utility vehicle\rquote s door flies off and lands on the floor with a clatter.\par
Skyler picks herself up from the floor. Her arm is hanging limp at her side. Her jeans and sweater are dirty, torn and bloody.\par
Thadius gets out of the smashed sports utility vehicle, holding a decapitated head by its hair. He has a shotgun in his hand as well.\par
Skyler growls at Thadius and hunches over like a rabid-dog about to pounce.\par
Thadius lifts his shotgun to his waist, grabs the pump, and takes aim at Skyler.\par
Dee watches helplessly.\par
DEE\par
(silently)\par
No!\par
Fire explodes out the barrel with a bang. Skyler flies through the air, sliding across the debris. She lands on the floor near the remains of the Christmas tree.\par
Thadius removes his buck-knife from the sheath at his side. He advances on Skyler and proceeds to decapitate his victim with a series of vicious cuts. The headless corpse slides to the floor.\par
Dee begins to tear-up as realization sinks in.\par
Thadius ties the two heads together by their hair, slings them over his shoulder and walks out of the new opening, vanishing outside. \par
Dee is trying to push the door off her.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(rasping)\par
Help! Mike...\par
The room with the dust still settling. \par
Dee begins to struggle.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(frustrated)\par
Shit!\par
(a deep calming breath)\par
Okay... I can do this.\par
Dee begins to shimmy her way out from underneath the door.\par
Dee finally gets out from under the door and takes a step towards the vehicle, looking around for Michael.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(confused)\par
Michael? Baby, where are you?\par
Dee nears the front of the crashed sports utility vehicle.\par
Michael\rquote s head is smashed into the grill of the sports utility vehicle, making for a gruesome display.\par
DEE (O.C.) (CONT\rquote D)\par
(screaming)\par
Ahhhh!!!\par
Dee screams at the sight of Michael\rquote s corpse and launches herself away.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(terrified)\par
Oh, god! Michael!!!\par
Dee trips and falls over the debris and lands on Skyler\rquote s decapitated corpse.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(touching the leg with her hand)\par
What\rquote s this?\par
(choking up; the clothes are familiar)\par
Baby?\par
(pushing away)\par
No!\par
Dee freaks and then begins to panic and crawl away, back towards the door-less driver side of the sports utility vehicle. She uses the door frame and seat to pull herself up.\par
Dee notices the cell-phone, lying on the floorboard, which displays the photo that Michael took of Thadius and Joshua just moments before. Dee picks up the phone and inspects it.\par
Dee glances over towards the passenger seat and notices the decapitated corpse of Joshua.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(surprised)\par
Oh, God!\par
Dee scrambles back.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(escaping the car)\par
Joshua? Why?\par
Dee puts her hands to her head and looks at the corpses surrounding her.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
I can\rquote t...\par
(fighting the bile rising in her throat; looking at her daughter)\par
I...\par
Dee lunges through the large hole in the wall of the house, needing to escape and throw-up the bile that is forcing its way into her mouth.\par
EXT. DERIAN HOUSE - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee escapes the house through the large hole where the front door used to be. She falls down with the cell-phone still in hand, sobbing. She pukes on the walk-way and then frantically tries to dial 911 from Thadius\rquote  cell-phone.\par
911 OPERATOR (V.O.)\par
911 please hold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                \par
DEE\par
(crying hysterically)\par
Please help me... Hello? Is there anyone there?\par
The phone falls with a clatter as the operator apparently drops the receiver.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
Hello? This can\rquote t be happening... This has to be a fucking dream.\par
Dee listens as people plead for their lives. Loud gun-shots ring out through the cell-phone causing Dee to get scared and drop the cell-phone to the ground.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(frustrated)\par
Oh, my god! Why?\par
Dee looks up and sees her neighbor, Mister Heartly, who is outside his house looking over at Dee with a lost look on his face. Dee begins to find her feet.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(still crying)\par
Mister Heartly! Please, help me...\par
Mister Heartly hastily walks back towards his front door with his walker as if scared of Dee. Dee, still a little shaken up, tries eagerly to get to her feet.\par
Dee moves towards Mister Heartly and continues to plead for his help. \par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(confused)\par
Mister Heartly, why are you running from me?\par
Mister Heartly looks briefly back over his shoulder. His spectacled eyes are widened with fear and he continues, trying to hurry, on his way towards his front door. Mister Heartly\rquote s house-slippers swish on the sidewalk and his walker clicks a steady beat as his silver-white hair and his robe billow in the chilled morning breeze.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(stopping)\par
Can\rquote t you see I need your help?\par
Mister Heartly makes it to his front door and is greeted with it opening suddenly. The door hits him, knocking him to the ground with his walker falling over nearby.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(in disbelief)\par
Oh my god! Mister Heartly are you alright?\par
Dee quickly runs and kneels down to help Mister Heartly as he lays on the ground in pain from the fall. She offers him her hands and gets him back to his feet.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(concerned)\par
Are you okay?\par
A cleaver slices through the air and grazes Dee\rquote s hair before meeting Mister Heartly\rquote s face. The cleaver buries itself deeply into his nose and eye socket. Dee is so startled that she falls to the ground with a yelp.\par
MISSES HEARTLY, the grandmotherly and slightly plump wife, begins hacking away aimlessly at her husbands lifeless body. Her grey-curled head bobs as she chops with the cleaver, spattering her white-apron with Mister Heartly\rquote s blood.\par
Dee crawls back in horror.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(horrified and crying)\par
Misses Heartly! Why?\par
Misses Heartly stares at her husband with cold and empty eyes through her granny-like spectacles, before she turns and looks at Dee. Misses Heartly has a bright-colored-scarf around her neck and she would be the picture of your every-day grandmother if not for the bloody apron and the cleaver gripped tightly in her fist.\par
MISSES HEARTLY\par
(with recognition and a haunting smile)\par
Oh, hi Dee! You\rquote ll be joining us for dinner tonight... I hope?\par
As Dee is scurrying backwards from this horrific scene, her eyes catch a snow-truck-driver forcing a shovel handle down the throat of a mail-man who struggles vainly, with gurgles and spasms on the ground.\par
Farther down the street, a Tattoo Covered Bald Man (wearing nothing,) leaps from the crest of his roof-top and hits the ground with a crunching thud.\par
DEE\par
(to Misses Heartly; horrified and screaming)\par
What the fuck is wrong with you people?\par
Dee begins realizing the horrors that she has gone through seem to be surrounding her and affecting everyone. \par
Dee notices as an engine sputters and roars above her and she looks up.\par
A small plane barrel-rolls and banks hard, diving right into the ground in the distance creating a small mushroom-cloud of black-smoke. \par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(stunned)\par
Oh my god!\par
Dee starts to move towards the crash but hesitates as she notices people moving in that direction. Wanting to survive; she finds her feet and begins to run through her backyard, around a tall privacy fence, in the opposite direction of the crashed plane.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE - MORNING\par
Dee scrambles up the front porch. An embellishing handmade Christmas sign reading \ldblquote THE STEVENSONS\rdblquote  dangles against the door as she begins to knock frantically.\par
DEE\par
(scared and frantic)\par
Sarah? Sarah? Are you in there?\par
Dee looks and sees the car still parked in the driveway, and walks into the house.\par
INT. STEVENSON HOUSE - MORNING\par
Dee walks in through the front door shouting for Sarah as she opens the door and enters the home.\par
DEE\par
(curiously)\par
Sarah? Sarah??? Are you guys here?\par
Dee closes the front door and walks farther into the house.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(shuddering)\par
I need your help Sarah! Everyone... my babies... Mike... are...\par
Dee notices a family Christmas photo with her tiny and elegant Korean friend Sarah, sitting on top the mantle in the living room. The photo shows Sarah\rquote s three beautiful children and her handsome Italian husband, wearing his army uniform proudly. \par
Dee picks up the photo and whispers softly to herself as she wipes her tears away.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(thinking of her own kids)\par
So precious...\par
INT. DERIAN HOUSE (FLASHBACK) - NIGHT (LAST YEAR)\par
Dee thinks back to her and her family having Christmas Dinner last year and she remembers taking their own photographs amongst much laughter and joy.\par
INT. STEVENSON HOUSE - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee is brought to by the sound of humming that echoes from down the hall.\par
DEE\par
(curiously)\par
Sarah???\par
Dee follows the humming and slowly approaches the banister leading upstairs. Dee yells out up the staircase.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(cautiously)\par
Sarah? You and the kids up there?\par
Dee hears the humming again and this time she follows it to the back of the house.\par
Dee approaches a window looking out into the back-yard. \par
SARAH is standing outside and looks to be shivering. \par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(confused and concerned)\par
Sarah! \par
(to herself)\par
What are you doing?\par
Dee walks through the kitchen towards the back-door and notices a jacket on the table. \par
Dee picks up the jacket in order to give it to Sarah. \par
Dee opens the back-door and exits the house.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee walks around to the backyard.\par
SARAH (O.C.)\par
(singing; shivering)\par
...doing what I\rquote m doing.\par
Dee notices Sarah standing in the icy water of her fancy koi-pond. Sarah\rquote s dress and the ends of her long dark hair are soaking wet. Sarah sings half of the first quatrain for WATCHING THE WHEELS over and over again in a repetitive fashion.  \par
SARAH (CONT\rquote D)\par
Well they give me all kind of warning...\par
Dee slowly approaches Sarah from behind, who remains oblivious to Dee\rquote s presence.\par
\par
Sarah remains still and Dee quickens her steps.\par
\par
Dee walks into the pond, from behind Sarah to help her get out.\par
\par
`\par
Dee moves closer to Sarah who is pale and shivering with the chill of water and cold winter air, though she appears not to notice the icy temperatures.\par
\par
Sarah\rquote s emotion-less face.\par
SARAH (CONT\rquote D)\par
(starting over)\par
People say I\rquote m crazy...\par
The baby, six months and swaddled in a onesie, is being held under the water. The baby is cold, lifeless, and not yet visible to Dee.\par
SARAH (CONT\rquote D)\par
...doing what I\rquote m doing...\par
Dee gets closer and finally realizes what her friend is doing in the freezing pond. \par
\par
Dee reaches into the water to pull the baby free of Sarah\rquote s grasp.\par
\par
Sarah goes silent and turns her suddenly startled and angry wide-eyed gaze upon Dee.\par
SARAH (CONT\rquote D)\par
(furious; attacking with a scream of rage)\par
Ahhh!!!\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS\par
There is a young boy and a little girl, both lifeless and floating beneath the surface. Above the surface, the chaotic event is unfolding as Dee and Sarah fight over the baby. \par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS\par
Sarah tugs Dee back into the pond by pulling her hair, as she tries to escape with the baby.\par
SARAH\par
(possessive scream)\par
Give me back my baby.\par
Dee falls backwards and drops the baby back into the water. \par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS\par
The baby, lifelessly, sinking slowly to the bottom of the koi pond while Dee and Sarah engage in a fight above the water.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS\par
Sarah has a vice-like-grip on Dee\rquote s hair with one hand and the other she is attempting to scratch Dee\rquote s eyes and face as they wrestle in the water.\par
SARAH\par
All I want is my baby...\par
DEE\par
(in pain; fighting back)\par
Ahhh... Please Sarah let go...\par
Dee peels Sarah\rquote s hand from her eyes, drawing long scratches down the side of her face. Sarah wrenches on Dee\rquote s hair with her other hand.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
Ahhh...\par
(pleading)\par
Why are you doing this? Uh-\par
Sarah slowly pushes Dee\rquote s face into the water. Dee struggles with all her might, in Sarah\rquote s vice-like grip, yet her face only draws nearer to the water.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(desperately)\par
Sarah... \par
(going underwater)\par
Pleas--\par
Dee begins to panic as her head is forced under the water. \par
Sarah seems at ease as she looks at Dee with a cold dead stare and starts singing her song again. \par
SARAH\par
(at ease, happy)\par
People say I'm crazy doing what I'm doing...\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee searches for a way out of Sarah\rquote s defying grip. \par
The young boy, the little girl, and the baby all lay on the bottom of the pond with wide-open-eyes staring back. \par
Dee\rquote s heart sinks at the sight of the kids. She closes her eyes.\par
EXT. DERIAN HOUSE (FLASHBACK) - DAY\par
Dee is building a snowman with Georgie and Skyler. They are laughing as it turns into a snowball fight. \par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - UNDERWATER - MORNING\par
Dee is quickly pulled back to reality by the burning in her lungs and she opens her eyes, looking all around, frantically. The panic is overwhelming her and she closes her eyes again.\par
DEE (V.O.)\par
(to herself)\par
Dee, calm down and look... There is always a way out.\par
Dee opens her eyes and looks straight in front of her.\par
Dee notices a key dangling from the young boys coat pocket.  \par
Dee is drowning and swallowing water. She desperately grabs the key and grips it tight.\par
Dee stabs and slices Sarah\rquote s hand.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS\par
Sarah releases her grip on the submerged Dee as her instincts cause her to pull her injured hand away in reactionary self-defense.\par
SARAH\par
(grip loosened; enraged)\par
Ahhh...\par
Dee breaks free and resurfaces, coughing and gasping.\par
Dee frantically grabs Sarah by her long hair. \par
Dee shoves Sarah\rquote s face beneath the surface, fighting with everything she has left. The fight and the freezing pond water are starting to take their toll on her.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS\par
Sarah is fighting, trying to hold her breath.\par
Sarah\rquote s three dead, blindly-staring children are lying beneath the surface. Sarah looks at them and becomes at ease. She inhales the water as she reaches out to her kids with the bloody key sliced hand.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee holds Sarah\rquote s lifeless body in the pond. She is crying for having had to harm her friend. \par
DEE\par
(sobbing)\par
I'm sorry... I'm so sorry!!!\par
Dee realizes Sarah is now dead and slowly drags her body to the edge of the small pond before laying her down on the bank. \par
Dee turns back towards the three kids who still lay beneath the surface of the pond. Exhaustion and hypothermia are starting to take over her body. \par
Dee, still sobbing, reaches beneath the surface and pulls the lifeless baby into her arms.\par
Dee lays the baby on the shore.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(still sobbing)\par
I'm so sorry...\par
Dee turns back towards the two kids who still lay beneath the surface of the water. Her body is starting to give in to the cold water. \par
Dee reaches back beneath the surface of the pond and grabs the little girl. \par
Dee slowly pulls the little girl to the surface and carries her to the edge of the pond to lay her down beside Sarah and the baby. Her pink and white dress clinging to her body with her pig-tails, being held by pink-hair-holders, only seems to enforce the children\rquote s innocence.\par
Dee turns once more towards the young boy who still lays beneath the surface of the pond.\par
Dee\rquote s body is failing her quickly as she reaches beneath the surface for the young boy.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS\par
Beneath the water Dee\rquote s hands grab the young boy. She is struggling to pull him out. \par
The young boy\rquote s foot is wedged between some rocks beneath the water.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee pulls harder on the young boy, but with no success.\par
DEE\par
(panicking; screams out)\par
Please God! Help me...\par
Dee rests against the bank and begins to lose consciousness. \par
INT. DERIAN HOUSE (FLASHBACK) - EVENING\par
Dee remembers her family surprising her on her birthday, when she just walks in the front door, with shouts of surprise.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - MORNING\par
Dee realizes she is succumbing to hypothermia but can\rquote t get herself to get out yet.\par
DEE\par
(shivering)\par
I'm going to die here if... I...\par
(trails off)\par
Dee pulls one last time on the little boy.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(scared)\par
Please... \par
(weakly screaming)\par
...somebody help me!!! \par
Dee falls into the water, struggling weakly, and begins to drown.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee\rquote s arms are wrapped around the little boy as she slips out of consciousness and loosens her grip.\par
FADE OUT:\par
FADE IN:\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - MOMENTS LATER\par
A sunny blue sky and mysterious teenage boy, SHAWN, sixteen years old with stylish brown hair and a navy blue jacket. He appears to be physically fit and strong for his age, even though he couldn\rquote t have been able to own a drivers license for very long. He fights determined to pull Dee out of the water.\par
Dee is dragged up the bank and completely out of the water by Shawn. Dee begins vomiting water, struggling to catch her breath, as she coughs weakly. \par
A young long-blonde-haired girl, LUCINDA, five years old and wearing a dirty-white-dress with a black hockey mask. She is carrying Stella, her red-haired doll-baby in her hands, while watching the action from nearby. \par
FADE OUT:\par
FADE IN:\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - MOMENTS LATER\par
Shawn kneels down to check on Dee as the CAMERA slowly pulls back.\par
STRANGER\par
(concerned)\par
Hey, lady! Are you okay? Lady, please stay with me...\par
Above the treetops there is mass chaos. Dead bodies, crashed cars, house fires and a crashed plane; all dotting the landscape as Affected fight, kill and slaughter one-other with wild abandon while a few terrified flee in horror.\par
FADE OUT:\par
FADE IN:\par
EXT. DERIAN HOUSE - FLASHBACK (LAST YEAR, SUMMER EVENING)\par
The Derian family sits around the campfire. Georgie uses a stick to play and prod the fire as Skyler readjusts her chair to avoid the smoke.  \par
MICHAEL\par
I love smores. Your grandmother used to let us make them. Of course, we had to go find a good tree branch to roast the marshmallows on... not like today, you have a marshmallow skewer.\par
(frowning; holding up a skewer)\par
Makes it a bit easier, I guess?\par
(handing the skewer to Georgie)\par
Here you go Georgie.\par
GEORGIE\par
(smiling broadly)\par
Give me a knife and I\rquote ll go cut down a tree branch. \par
SKYLER\par
(choking)\par
Oh my god! The smoke is following me.\par
MICHAEL\par
No! Just take this.\par
GEORGIE\par
Uh! Fine!!!\par
Georgie takes the skewer with a disappointed and unfulfilled lust for adventure. Michael tries to hand Skyler a skewer.\par
MICHAEL\par
Here you go sweetie.\par
SKYLER\par
I don\rquote t want one.\par
MICHAEL\par
Why not?\par
SKYLER\par
Because, I don\rquote t wanna be out here. This fire stinks and it\rquote s gonna make me smell like smoke.\par
GEORGIE\par
I\rquote ll take hers.\par
MICHAEL\par
(loudly)\par
Mom... Skyler said you better hurry up and get out here with the marshmallows. She\rquote s been dying for smores all-night.\par
GEORGIE\par
I\rquote ll take hers, dad.\par
SKYLER\par
(to her mom; loudly)\par
I didn\rquote t say that.\par
MICHAEL\par
(feigning emergency)\par
Mom! Skyler said she wants her marshmallows. She can\rquote t wait any longer. Hurry mommy! \par
DEE\par
Hold on sweetie, I\rquote ve got everything we need right here.\par
MICHAEL\par
(kisses his wife and grabs the bag of marshmallows)\par
Here, let me see those.\par
Michael opens the bag and uses the skewer to pierce some of the marshmallows.\par
DEE\par
I know everyone wants and loves smores.\par
GEORGIE\par
I\rquote ll take Skyler\rquote s.\par
Skyler smirks and accepts the skewer that Michael holds out to her.\par
GEORGIE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(jumping up)\par
Dad... I\rquote ll take hers!\par
(grabbing Skyler\rquote s arm)\par
Hey, Skyler... I--\par
Skyler turns and grabs Georgie by the front of the shirt.\par
SKYLER\par
Stop, or I will kill you.\par
Georgie freezes with fear.\par
DEE\par
Skyler! What did you just say?\par
Skyler lets go of Georgie\rquote s shirt, pressing out the wrinkles.\par
SKYLER\par
(smiling)\par
I told him that I will kill him.\par
DEE\par
You don\rquote t say that. You know better than that. Don\rquote t think you\rquote re not going to get into trouble, young lady--\par
SKYLER\par
Why? I already killed him once. I just want to do it again.\par
Skyler removes the skewer from Georgie\rquote s abdomen, allowing his body to fall to the ground.\par
DEE\par
(freaking out)\par
What? No baby... that never happened.\par
Skyler looks at the marshmallows still on the skewer, bloody and shoved down the shaft. Skyler picks at the bloody marshmallow with an evil grin.\par
SKYLER\par
(hissing)\par
Denial...\par
(popping the marshmallow into her mouth)\par
Mmmmm... Delicious.\par
MICHAEL\par
(forboding; nose and eyes begin bleeding)\par
Death comes!\par
Skyler crouches low, looking down at the ground. \par
SKYLER\par
I just did it wrong last time. \par
(threatening to Dee with the skewer)\par
I should have killed you.\par
Skyler screams as she attacks Dee with the skewer held aloft.\par
INT. STEVENSON HOUSE / LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON\par
Dee awakens, startled, trying to focus and figure out where she is.\par
DEE \par
(gasping loudly)\par
Ahhhh...\par
Dee notices a fire burning. Looking up, she realizes she\rquote s back in Sarah\rquote s house lying in front of the fireplace and she is covered with blankets.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to herself)\par
How did I get here?\par
Just then, Dee can hear Lucinda speaking and it startles Dee. \par
LUCINDA (O.C.)\par
(concerned and loud)\par
Bubba, she\rquote s waking up. \par
Shawn is in the other room barricading the house off by moving furniture around. Shawn doesn\rquote t hear Lucinda as she calls out.\par
Dee quickly tries to get up, but realizes her feet and hands are bound by zip-ties and her efforts are useless.\par
DEE\par
(scared, with concern)\par
What the hell?\par
In her struggles, she realizes she is naked and grows even more concerned. \par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(scared)\par
Hello... Who\rquote s there??\par
Dee manages to turn herself over beneath the blankets and notices Lucinda standing above her. A gold locket dangles from her neck. She is holding a ragged and worn baby-doll with red and white striped leggings. Lucinda is staring down at Dee with uncertainty. The black hockey mask rests on the top of Lucinda\rquote s head.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared and uncertain)\par
Are you going to hurt--\par
Dee still concerned with her current predicament, cuts Lucinda short.\par
DEE\par
(panic and concern)\par
Why am I tied up, and where are my god-damn clothes?\par
Lucinda doesn\rquote t really answer Dee\rquote s pleas, as if she doesn\rquote t even know why Dee is tied up and naked.\par
LUCINDA\par
(innocently)\par
Bubba, said we needed to.\par
Dee becomes somewhat at ease, when she realizes Lucinda\rquote s innocence in the role, but she is still worried about Shawn. \par
DEE\par
(slowly calming)\par
Baby, who\rquote s Bubba?\par
LUCINDA\par
(explaining)\par
My brother... he told me to take your clothes off. He said it would help save you, because you were so cold. He\rquote s the one who pulled you and the that boy out of the water.\par
DEE\par
(curious)\par
Why save me and then tie me up?\par
LUCINDA\par
Bubba said, \lquote It\rquote s better to be safe than sorry.\rquote\par
Dee closes her eyes, trying to focus her thoughts. \par
LUCINDA (CONT\rquote D)\par
(worried)\par
So are you going to hurt us?\par
Dee opens her eyes and looks at Lucinda with interest.\par
DEE\par
(compassionate)\par
Oh... baby. No! I\rquote m not going to hurt you. \par
(curious)\par
Why would you think such a thing?\par
Lucinda stares down as if remembering something horrific.\par
In one hand she grabs a hold of the locket that swings from her neck and in the other she squeezes her baby doll.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared)\par
I saw... lots of... bad things... outside--\par
Shawn hastily enters the living room, wielding a baseball bat. Shawn cuts Lucinda\rquote s answer short.\par
SHAWN\par
(angry)\par
You mean... We saw lots of crazy shit out there. \par
Shawn is pointing out the window, which is now covered with curtains. Shawn sees Lucinda grasping Stella and her locket.\par
Shawn kneels down beside Lucinda.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(calming with concern)\par
You okay? \par
Lucinda shakes her head yes.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
Didn\rquote t I tell you to come get me if she woke up? We don\rquote t know if she\rquote s one of them?\par
Lucinda looks into Shawn\rquote s eyes. \par
LUCINDA\par
(innocently)\par
Sorry, Bubba. I yelled for you.\par
Shawn looks at her for a moment and pulls her close, hugging her tight. Lucinda releases her tight hold on the locket.\par
SHAWN\par
It\rquote s okay! Mom is watching over us. We just need to be careful, and watch out for one another. We don\rquote t know who is affected...\par
Dee watches Shawn and Lucinda together. Shawn stands up from the hug and walks towards Dee who\rquote s still lying on the floor.\par
DEE\par
What\rquote s affected? \par
Shawn kneels down and stares at Dee while smacking the baseball bat to and from his hand.\par
SHAWN\par
Well, lady. I guess it means that you have gone bat-shit crazy, and you look... well, just plain crazy.\par
Shawn looking into Dee\rquote s eyes.\par
DEE\par
Please untie me. I\rquote m not one of those affected... at least I don\rquote t think I am?\par
Shawn turns toward Lucinda.\par
SHAWN\par
Is she one of us?\par
Lucinda unsure, shrugs her shoulders.\par
LUCINDA\par
She seems alright?\par
Shawn looking at Dee again. He continues to slap his palm with the baseball bat.\par
SHAWN\par
(carefully intimidating)\par
She does? Does she?\par
Dee interrupts Shawn\rquote s little display of macho-ness.\par
DEE\par
(smartly)\par
So you must be the man in charge? Bubba, I gather.\par
SHAWN\par
(embarrassed)\par
Shawn... My name is Shawn. Only my sister calls me that.\par
Shawn turns towards Lucinda again.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(reassuring)\par
Ain\rquote t that right sis?\par
Lucinda quickly answers.\par
LUCINDA\par
Yeah, Bubba... That\rquote s right. Just me.\par
Dee cuts in the conversation.\par
DEE\par
(persuasively)\par
Well Shawn, my name is Dee. Thank-you for saving my life. I owe you mine. It took a lot for you to do what you did for me... \par
(looking down as she remembers)\par
...and that little boy...\par
(back to Shawn)\par
Not just anyone would do that. Especially a boy your age. You are a very brave older brother and I\rquote m sure you are doing the best you can right now, under the circumstances that we are faced with... and we both know you can\rquote t do this alone. We need each-other right now. So, can you please trust me and untie me so that I can get dressed? \par
Shawn looks at Lucinda once more and she gives the okay with a nod.\par
SHAWN\par
(hesitant)\par
Well Dee, If I\rquote m going to set you free? Don\rquote t mistake my kindness for weakness. Rest assured, that I will cut you down if you even, so much as, look like you are going to harm us. Do I make myself clear?\par
DEE\par
(with understanding)\par
Yes! Yes, crystal... I just want to help.\par
Shawn, believing her, pulls a pocket knife from his pocket and starts to cut the zip-ties from Dee\rquote s hands and feet.\par
Dee is thankful that she was able to talk herself to freedom.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(relieved)\par
Thank-you so much Shawn.\par
SHAWN\par
Lucy. Grab those clothes that I found upstairs and give them to Dee. They look like they should fit.\par
Lucinda goes over to the chair and sets Stella down before picking up a pile of neatly folded clothes and hands them over to Dee.\par
LUCINDA\par
(innocently)\par
Here...\par
Dee is free now and slowly sits up, rubbing her wrists. \par
Shawn stands up after releasing Dee and walks away towards a window that over-looks the back of the house, giving Dee some privacy.\par
Dee takes the clothes and begins to get dressed.\par
DEE\par
(sincerely)\par
Thank you Lucy... Shawn.\par
Shawn places the pocket-knife back in his pocket and he uses the bat to slowly draw the curtain to the side to check on the chaos outside.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(curiously)\par
So... Lucy, Shawn, where are your parents at right now?\par
Lucinda\rquote s hands grab Stella and locket once again.\par
Shawn quickly interrupts.\par
SHAWN\par
(hastily)\par
Uhh... Ladies I know we just got acquainted, but I think we need to hurry up a bit. It doesn\rquote t look like things are slowing down... in fact, it looks like everyone is going...\par
Shawn lowers his voice to a slight whisper as he is still looks out the window. \par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(in a scared whisper)\par
...fucking crazy.\par
Dee hurries and puts on a sweater and quickly walks over to the window to see what Shawn is talking about.\par
Dee looks out the window.\par
Dee whispers to herself, but Shawn hears her reaction to the view outside.\par
DEE\par
(terrified, whispering)\par
Holy-shit! What is going on? \par
Dee quickly walks into the adjoining room, looking out another window.\par
DEE (O.C.) (CONT\rquote D)\par
(loudly curious)\par
How long was I out?\par
SHAWN\par
(quickly)\par
Only a couple of hours, why?\par
Dee walks back into the living room, going back over to the window, to look out again at the chaos that surrounds them.\par
Shawn walks back over to the window and looks out with Dee.\par
DEE\par
(horrified; curious)\par
So you never did answer me. Where are your parents?\par
Shawn looks over at Lucinda, who is just standing there talking innocently to Stella, then back out the window. \par
Dee; concerned, looks over to Lucinda, then back to Shawn.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(curious whisper)\par
What is it? Shawn?\par
Shawn looks at Lucinda then back to Dee this time, who is waiting for some sort of reply. \par
SHAWN\par
(hesitant, whispering)\par
Well our Mom is dead. She died while giving birth to...\par
Shawn pauses and looks back towards Lucinda, and then back to Dee.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(whispering)\par
...Lucy. \par
Dee\rquote s heart sinks as she digests Shawn\rquote s words.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D) \par
(talking low)\par
As for our Dad, he\rquote s a good guy. But, ever since Mom died, he\rquote s buried himself in his work at the lab. We don\rquote t see him much.\par
Shawn pauses for a moment, as if getting lost in some memories. Shawn\rquote s eyes become irritated as uncontrolled tears begin to well up on him.\par
Dee notices, feeling for Shawn and Lucinda over the loss of their mother and an absent father. She reaches over and touches his face and wipes away the single tear that has fallen.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(sadly)\par
I miss them...\par
DEE\par
(feeling empathetic)\par
I\rquote m sorry, Shawn.\par
Dee can see the emotion in Shawn\rquote s face as he quickly wipes away another tear that has fallen to his cheek. Shawn quickly replies as if he wasn\rquote t bothered. He looks at Lucinda, knowing that he has to stay strong for her.\par
SHAWN\par
(regaining composure)\par
That\rquote s where we were heading...\par
Shawn begins pacing as he continues.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
...when we came across you in the pond.\par
Shawn looks at Dee who is looking out the window. She appears deep in thought as she watches Shawn, from the corner of her eyes, as he paces.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(assertive and determined)\par
That\rquote s where we are heading now! I know dad is worried about us. I was going to just leave you here in the house, but my sister talked me into staying...\par
Dee looks at Lucinda who is sitting in the living room and then back out the window, whispering to herself.\par
DEE\par
(whispering)\par
Thanks Lucy!\par
Shawn stops pacing and continues explaining.\par
SHAWN\par
Plus, it seems the shit outside has really hit the fan since we came in. That\rquote s why I barricaded the doorways... So nobody could get in here without us knowing it.\par
DEE\par
Well Shawn, for a teen-age boy, you are pretty smart and brave... very brave.\par
Shawn looks towards Lucinda and replies.\par
SHAWN\par
I have to be... for her. I am pretty much all she has now.\par
Shawn looks back at Dee.\par
DEE\par
(giving Shawn a warm smile)\par
Well she\rquote s pretty lucky then. To have such a great big-brother, who cares so much for her... and me; I\rquote m beyond grateful for the both of you taking the time, amongst this madness, to save my life.\par
Dee looks back out the window and realizes that they need to make a plan. \par
Dee looks back to Shawn. \par
Dee quickly walks off towards the hallway and looks back at Shawn again.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
We need to make a plan... now!\par
Shawn notices Dee\rquote s hurried reaction and quickly looks out the window.\par
Dee is still talking to Shawn as she walks down the hallway, towards the front of the house.\par
DEE (O.C.) (CONT\rquote D)\par
Where\rquote s home, Shawn?\par
Shawn, terrified at what he is witnessing outside, hurriedly replies by yelling down the hall to Dee.\par
SHAWN\par
(scared, loudly)\par
Uhhmm... We live out-side of town about ten miles.\par
Dee is now looking out the front window to see if Sarah\rquote s car is still parked in the driveway.\par
SHAWN (O.C.) (CONT\rquote D)\par
You know the Genitech factory? \par
Dee notices the car is now gone and the view out the front is just as chaotic as the view in the back. \par
Dee speaks to herself. \par
DEE\par
(disappointed, quizzical)\par
Shit! Think Dee...\par
Dee quickly walks back to the room where Shawn is still watching out the window.\par
Dee walks over and looks out the window with Shawn.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
Yeah, I do. That's some distance... and there is no way we can get there by foot.\par
Dee lowers her voice so Lucinda doesn\rquote t hear.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
We\rquote ll all be dead. We need a car! I\rquote ll have to make a run for it, back to my house.\par
Shawn quickly interrupts Dee.\par
SHAWN\par
(worried)\par
What? Where do you live lady? \par
Shawn points out at the chaos that seems to surround them.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(incredulously)\par
You can\rquote t go out there alone.\par
Dee points out the window at her house across the way. \par
DEE\par
You see that tan house right there? Just through that yard?\par
Shawn looks out the window at what Dee is pointing at.\par
SHAWN\par
Yeah... Is that where you live?\par
Dee looks at Shawn.\par
DEE\par
That\rquote s my house. I have to go back and get my keys. My car is parked out front. Lets pray it\rquote s still there and in one piece.\par
Dee pauses, looking at Shawn. She knows that he is not listening as he looks intently out the window, as if hypnotised by the chaos outside.\par
Shawn holds the bat on his shoulder with one hand and gropes the hilt of his machete, with the other. The machete is secured in a sheath at his waist.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(concerned)\par
Hey! Shawn! Are you listening to m--\par
Shawn quickly interrupts Dee.\par
SHAWN\par
Yeah, yeah... I\rquote m listening.\par
DEE\par
(assertive)\par
Well good, because I need you. Lucy needs you. So, please, pay attention to my plan to get us out of here alive.\par
Dee starts telling Lucinda and Shawn her plan to save them.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
Here\rquote s what we\rquote re gonna do...\par
FADE OUT:\par
FADE IN:\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER\par
Lucinda wears her black hockey mask as she stares out the same window Dee was just searching for Sarah\rquote s car at.\par
Chaos seems to surround them as car\rquote s and houses are ablaze. Twenty-some Affected fight and wrestle for domination in the front yard, the street, and sidewalk in front of the Stevenson\rquote s house. \par
INT. STEVENSON HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER\par
Dee heads out the back door. Shawn quickly locks the door and places the table back in front of it, for a barricade. Shawn runs over to find Lucinda. Shawn tells her something and they go separate ways, searching the house.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - MOMENTS LATER\par
The gate opens and Dee peers out cautiously. \par
Dee closes the gate behind her and heads down the fence-line.\par
Dee hides and peeks around the corner of the fence, immediately noticing the brutal pounding of Two Affected Men as they continuously punch and kick a dead man.\par
Dee watches with horrified amazement.\par
DEE\par
Shit! What is happening to us?\par
The Two Affected Men only stop attacking long enough to laugh and admire each-others work before going back to the beating. Slow casual precise strikes slowly turns into frantic and wild abandon.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(whispering to herself)\par
I can\rquote t let them see me.\par
Dee continues to watch the Two Affected Men, who are focused on beating their lifeless victim.  She makes a mad-dash for the nearby shed, using it for cover. \par
Dee moves, cautiously, towards the back door of her house.\par
Dee rushes up to the back door and reaches out to grasp the handle. Dee stops! Her hand just inches from the handle.\par
Dee turns her back on the door. Dee looks around the yard as she takes a big breath, being forced to remember times before today.\par
FLASHBACK - DERIAN BACK YARD (TWO YEARS EARLIER)\par
The back door opens and Dee exits with a rack of ribs for Michael to cook on the grill. Shay, Thadius\rquote  wife follows with a bowl of potato salad. Michael and Thadius are drinking beer as they talk near the grill. Their children are playing in the sprinkler and the slip-and-slide as they enjoy the summer weather. \par
END FLASHBACK\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to herself; wiping the tears from her eyes)\par
Just get the keys and get out.\par
Dee turns back to the door and opens it, letting it open. She just stands there as tears roll down her cheeks. \par
Dee actually has to force herself to continue forward. She reaches down above her knee and lifts her unresponsive leg into the next terrifying step that takes her into the house.\par
INT. DERIAN HOUSE / LAUNDRY ROOM - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee steps into the silent stillness of the room, closing the door behind her. She looks out the windows for any affected who may have seen her enter the house.\par
Dee locks the back door for the added protection.\par
Dee turns back around and picks up Georgie\rquote s football, from the floor, setting it on the shelf near the washer and dryer. \par
Dee notices Michael\rquote s coffee stained shirt on top of the laundry basket. Dee reaches down and picks it up, holding it. Dee puts her face into the shirt, smelling Michaels\rquote  cologne.\par
Dee starts to cry.\par
Dee falls to her knees as she continues to cry, clutching the shirt to her chest.\par
DEE\par
(murmuring)\par
I\rquote m sorry...\par
Dee, gripping the shirt tightly, curls her body around it with her head on the floor.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(wailing)\par
I\rquote m so sorry... \par
(sniffling)\par
Oh god... m-my babies... I\rquote m sorry... \par
(squeezing herself;)\par
...please, forgive me... \par
(rolling)\par
I should have stopped it somehow... God! What did I do to you? Why did you take them from me? Why??? I\rquote m sorry!!!\par
As Dee continues sobbing, she notices Lucinda\rquote s opened locket, dangling from her neck. She carefully grasps it and holds it for a moment.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(sniffling)\par
Oh, Lucy...\par
Dee begins to compose herself, getting to her knees slowly as she looks at the locket.\par
FLASHBACK - STEVENSON HOUSE (SHORT TIME AGO)\par
Lucinda holds Stella and the black hockey mask in her hands. Dee is putting on the coat that she was going to give to Sarah earlier.\par
LUCINDA\par
Misses Dee?\par
DEE\par
Yes hun?\par
LUCINDA\par
You\rquote re really going to go out there? Alone?\par
DEE\par
Don\rquote t really have a choice. We can\rquote t stay here. I\rquote ll be alright. So, don\rquote t you worry.\par
Lucinda sets Stella and her black hockey mask down on the chair before taking her locket off of her neck.\par
LUCINDA\par
(handing the locket to Dee)\par
Here! Take this for good luck. It was my mothers. It\rquote s always lucky for me when I wear it. I want you to wear it now.\par
DEE\par
Oh, sweetie... I can\rquote t take that. Your mother--\par
LUCINDA\par
(insisting)\par
Please, Misses Dee! My mom would want you to wear it.\par
DEE\par
(accepts the locket)\par
Awww... Okay, thank-you Lucy... I\rquote ll take good care of it and bring it back to you safely.\par
Lucinda grabs her black hockey mask and unknowingly knocks Stella from the chair.\par
Dee smiles as she puts the locket around her neck.\par
LUCINDA\par
(puts the mask on her head and moves behind Dee)\par
Here, let me help.\par
DEE\par
(admiring the locket)\par
Come here!\par
(pulls Lucinda into a tight hug)\par
We\rquote re going to get out of this.\par
LUCINDA\par
(returning the embrace)\par
Please hurry Misses Dee.\par
END FLASHBACK\par
A bang close by, caused by a creepy Bald-Headed Man that looks in Dee\rquote s window for a second.\par
Dee looks around, but doesn\rquote t see anything.\par
Dee, realizing that she needs to hurry and get the keys, walks on into the living room.\par
INT. DERIAN HOUSE / LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee enters from the laundry room door into the living room. There are a few chairs and couches throughout the room. \par
Chaos and destruction spread out throughout the adjoining dining room with the corpses and the sports utility vehicle.\par
INT. DERIAN HOUSE / DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee hurries into the dining room, making sure to avoid gazing at her children along the way.\par
Dee glances out of the front of the house, confirming that her car is still there, parked on the side of the street.\par
The counter top where her purse and keys were sitting is no longer there. \par
Dee looks around and eventually spots the strap of the purse near the rear of the sports utility vehicle. \par
Dee walks over and tugs the strap to reveal the tattered remains of the purse. \par
DEE\par
(amused)\par
Guess they\rquote re not in there.\par
Dee moves about the room in a frantic pace, looking in (and around) the debris.\par
Dee is feeling the panic grip her as she searches without success. \par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(wondering to herself)\par
What if I can\rquote t find the keys?\par
Dee falls down while trying to push a piece of the broken plaster out of the way.\par
From where Dee has fallen down, she notices the keys underneath the front of the sports utility vehicle, near the front tire.\par
Dee goes for the only approachable way to the keys. She has to slide underneath the grill of the sports utility vehicle and crawl across Michael\rquote s corpse in order to reach them.\par
Dee\rquote s reaches towards the keys that are lying just barely out of reach. \par
She grabs the keys and drops them, causing the alarm to sound.\par
SERIES OF SHOTS\par
A) Affected reacting to the car alarm.\par
B) More Affected reacting to the car alarm.\par
C) The Two Affected Men, from the fence-line behind the Stevenson\rquote s back-yard, stop hacking at the body. They move off to investigate the car alarm. \par
D) A steroid-pumped BODY-BUILDER grabs his ears.\par
BODY BUILDER\par
(roaring; instantly raging)\par
Grrrr... Stop that noise!!!\par
INT. DERIAN HOUSE / DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee hurriedly takes her arm out of her coat sleeve before reaching back for the keys. \par
Dee reaches back under the car for the keys. A loud hissing seems to grow closer and louder. The black boots of a man steps through the gaping hole in the house. The hissing turns into a roar and everything becomes orange and bright. Dee\rquote s hand grasps the keys.\par
Dee now has the keys and stands back up. She notices a Bald-Headed Man, wearing black boots, who stands in the exit. He has a propane tank strapped to his back, with the nozzle wide-open, which burns everything in a roaring arc away from Dee.\par
Dee can only go out through the hole in the wall, due to the fire raging next to her, right where the Bald-Headed Man is standing and where the front door used to be. \par
Dee just runs for it. Surprising the Bald-Headed Man as she runs past him, shoving him aside with all her might.\par
The Bald-Headed Man is caught off-guard and looses his footing, falling to the ground. He catches himself on fire and begins screaming in pain. \par
The Bald-Headed Man gets back up and starts moving chaotically about, catching everything on fire.\par
EXT. DERIAN HOUSE - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee escapes the house, trying frantically to shut-off her car alarm amidst the mass of Affected that now gather together. It almost looks like a riot. A Fat Police Officer and Middle-Aged Black Man wrestle in the yard.\par
The Body Builder runs over to the chain-link-fence nearby, tearing the fence free of the fence-post with a growl.\par
The Body Builder rips the whole fence-post, with its concrete-footer, out of the ground with an inhuman roar.\par
The Two Affected Guys from behind the Stevenson\rquote s have become just a part of a gathering of Affected, who have now amassed near the car, and are fighting amongst each-other.\par
The Body Builder runs with his fence-post held aloft.\par
Dee looks behind her and notices that she is surrounded by Affected. Fire seems to envelop everything; her house, the neighbor\rquote s house, even houses farther down the street.\par
Dee painfully clutches her chest and fights the welling tears.\par
DEE\par
(shaking her head)\par
I can\rquote t leave...\par
All the Affected are engaged in battles with each-other.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 \par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(steeling herself)\par
Go!\par
Dee rushes past an Affected Business Woman and Affected Old Man who are engaged in an equally matched battle of psychotic rage. The Affected Old Man isn\rquote t big, but fights with bold wild wind-mill swings. The giggling Affected Business Woman bounces and weaves her precision strikes as they both ignore the jostling of the other Affected around them.\par
A blood-soaked Middle-Aged Woman grabs hold of Dee\rquote s dangling coat-sleeve, but the threat is immediately tackled by a Male Jogger in a sweat-suit.\par
Dee opens the car door leaving the Middle-Aged Woman and the Male Jogger to fight behind her.\par
The Body Builder runs towards Dee\rquote s car.\par
BODY BUILDER\par
I said...\par
(pointing at the car)\par
...stop that noise!!!\par
Dee gets inside the car and locks the doors.\par
The Affected gather in front of the car. \par
Dee puts the keys in the ignition and starts the car, which shuts off the alarm in the process.\par
DEE\par
(looking up)\par
Thank-you!\par
Dee looks in the rear-view-mirror and notices the Body Builder approaching, holding his fence-post aloft with both hands. \par
The affected Body Builder holds the fence-post in a two-handed grip, standing by the rear passenger side of the car.\par
BODY BUILDER\par
No more... \par
(swinging the fence-post)\par
...noise!!!\par
Dee looks in the mirror with wide-eyed surprise.\par
DEE\par
Oh... Shit!!!\par
Dee is terrified as she hurriedly puts the car in gear.\par
Dee slams the gas-pedal to the floor.\par
The tires spin-out on the snow patched street. \par
The fence-post footer explodes into the passenger side of the car. The glass in the door bursts as the crumpling door collapses inward and the car swings about one-hundred-and-eighty-degrees.\par
Dee screams in horror as she is thrown around by the impact and covered in broken glass.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(high-pitched squeal)\par
Come on, go!!!\par
SERIES OF SHOTS\par
A) Tires squeal as the car drives forward and away from the Body Builder, who begins to give chase.\par
B) The car quickly pulls away from the crowd of Affected and the fiery Bald-Headed Man runs into the crowd with his propane tank still strapped to his back.\par
C) The propane tank explodes into a huge fireball, scattering and killing the crowd, flinging body parts in all directions. Blood, body-parts, and the Body Builder\rquote s face splatter onto the rear window of Dee\rquote s car as it speeds off through the yards.\par
D) The Body Builder\rquote s face slides down the outside of the rear-window, leaving a trailing smear of blood.\par
E) Dee concentrates on driving through the yard. \par
F) The tires of Dee\rquote s little family car spin in the snow and grass.\par
G) Dee\rquote s foot slams the gas pedal to the floor.\par
H) The car approaches the Stevenson\rquote s wooden privacy fence up ahead\par
I) Dee notices the Stevenson\rquote s wooden privacy fence ahead and tries to crank the wheel, but it is too late.\par
DEE\par
(raising her arm)\par
Oh, shit!\par
Dee protects her face with her arm as she crashes through the Stevenson\rquote s wooden privacy fence.\par
J) The car crashes through the fence, sending wooden debris in all directions as the car flies through the air and bottoms out as it lands back on the ground.\par
K) Dee cranks the wheel hard to the left.\par
L) The car donut-slides and stops near the back-door of the Stevenson\rquote s house.\par
EXT. STEVENSON HOUSE / BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS\par
Lucinda (wearing her black hockey mask) and Shawn come out of the back-door, ready to go.\par
Dee opens her door and gets out with a rain of broken safety glass falling around her. She hurriedly tries to brush the safety glass from her clothing.\par
DEE\par
(hurrying)\par
Get in on this side.\par
SHAWN\par
(concerned)\par
What happened?\par
Dee finally puts her arm through the dangling sleeve of her coat.\par
DEE\par
Don\rquote t ask, just hurry!\par
Shawn and Lucinda get into the back seat with their bag.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(waiving them to get in)\par
Come on, hurry up!!!\par
The Affected make their way towards the Stevenson\rquote s house.\par
Dee gets back in the car and closes the door.\par
Dee puts her seat-belt on.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
All-right...\par
(putting the car in gear)\par
...lets go!\par
LUCINDA (O.C.)\par
(panicked)\par
Wait!\par
Lucinda searches frantically through her things.\par
LUCINDA (CONT\rquote D)\par
(upset)\par
I can\rquote t find Stella.\par
Shawn looks through their bag of supplies.\par
SHAWN\par
She\rquote s probably here somewhere...\par
DEE\par
(curious; worried)\par
Who is Stella?\par
SHAWN\par
Her doll!\par
Lucinda rips the black hockey mask from her face.\par
LUCINDA\par
(frustrated; crying)\par
I need her!\par
DEE\par
I\rquote m sorry sweetie, but we can\rquote t go back.\par
SHAWN\par
(opening the door)\par
I\rquote ll go!\par
Dee gets ready to shift the car into drive.\par
DEE\par
No... Wait!!!\par
The car door closes.\par
Shawn runs back and opens the back-door before going in.\par
Dee hits the steering-wheel with her palms.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(frustrated)\par
What is that boy doing? Trying to get us all killed?\par
The Affected make their way from around the front of the house.\par
Dee puts the car in-gear.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to herself)\par
All for a doll!\par
LUCINDA (O.C.)\par
(angered)\par
She is not a doll!\par
DEE\par
(confused)\par
Huh?\par
Lucinda looks back for her brother and hugs herself with a worried look. \par
LUCINDA\par
Her name is \lquote Stella!\rquote  I told you that earlier Misses Dee... My mom gave her to me... sort of... before she died...\par
DEE\par
Okay sweetie, I understand--\par
A blood soaked Affected Little Girl jumps onto the hood of the car causing Lucinda and Dee to shout out in surprise. \par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
Put your seat belt on...\par
(an afterthought)\par
Hold on.\par
Dee punches the gas and cranks the wheel, swinging the car around and throwing the Affected Little Girl off the hood as it turns.\par
INT. STEVENSON HOUSE / KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS\par
Shawn hurries through the kitchen and into the living room.\par
INT. STEVENSON HOUSE / LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS\par
Shawn looks around for a couple of seconds and finally notices Stella laying on the floor next to the chair.\par
Shawn reaches down and freezes with his grip on Stella as the floorboards creak.\par
Shawn turns his head to look behind himself and discovers someone there, having walked in the back-door he left open.\par
A middle-aged and battle-scarred Underwear Guy, hurries towards him, with rolls of dirty-sweaty-fat jiggling at his every movement. His condition and the fact that he is bleeding and welted only add to his gruesome appearance. \par
Shawn turns his body quickly as he faces his attacker.\par
SHAWN\par
(scared)\par
Oh, Shit!\par
The Underwear Guy slams Shawn up against the mantle, knocking the pictures and knickknacks on the floor. Shawn uses his feet to push off the mantle and shove the Underwear Guy away enough to escape his grip and flee into the hallway.\par
INT. STEVENSON HOUSE / HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS\par
Shawn runs down the hallway towards the front door.\par
The Affected bust through the barricaded front door and begin to fill the mud-room.\par
Shawn slides to a halt.\par
SHAWN\par
(scared; looking around)\par
Oh, my god!\par
The Affected struggle to force their way through the door.\par
Shawn turns and starts to run towards the back door, but stops.\par
The Affected beat on each-other while storming through the kitchen, blocking the exit out the back door.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(surprised; questioning)\par
Which way now?\par
Shawn turns to his right and disappears up the stairs.\par
FADE OUT:\par
FADE IN:\par
EXT. SIDE STREET - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee\rquote s car speeds away down the street. The Affected that are giving chase, turn on each-other in fits of rage.\par
Dee scans the road and looks at Lucinda in the rear-view mirror.\par
DEE\par
(to Lucinda)\par
Your brother is smart Lucy. I\rquote m sure he will find a way out of this.\par
LUCINDA\par
(concerned)\par
I\rquote m worried for him. He tries so hard to protect me.\par
DEE\par
(short pause)\par
He loves you. I--\par
Dee reacts with the bang of gunshots.\par
LUCINDA\par
Bubba!\par
The Stevenson\rquote s house gets closer as Dee and Lucinda peer through the front window of the car.\par
DEE\par
(looking around)\par
What was that?\par
Shawn bursts through the upstairs window.\par
Shawn jumps through the window in a rain of glass and broken window framing, grabbing hold of a branch of a tree. The branch breaks free and Shawn falls backwards, his legs hitting the branch below him, causing him to flip. Shawn hits a couple more branches on the way down before landing with a heavy thud, knocking the air from his lungs.\par
Dee\rquote s car pulls up next to Shawn.\par
Dee and Lucinda gaze out of the car with stunned expressions. \par
\par
Lucinda has her seat-belt off and moves to open the door.\par
An affected GUN WIELDING MAN steps out through the window.\par
GUN WIELDING MAN\par
(shouting)\par
Hi-ho-silver...\par
The Gun Wielding Man falls to the ground with a crunching thud and a loud bang as his gun discharges.\par
The head of the Gun Wielding Man is smashed into the snaking brick sidewalk. His finger is still twitching on the trigger of the pistol.\par
Shawn slowly and painfully rolls to a crawling position, finally beginning to catch his breath, crawling forward.\par
The door on the car opens up and Lucinda is there with the black hockey mask pushed up.\par
LUCINDA\par
Hurry Bubba! Hurry up!!!\par
The Affected scramble out of the house and seem to come from everywhere.\par
Shawn stands up, holding his side, and jumps into the car.\par
SHAWN\par
(wincing; exhausted)\par
Go!\par
An affected Old Black Woman jumps on the back of the car.\par
Dee stomps on the gas pedal. \par
The tires spin, kicking up frozen earth and grass.\par
Dee looks in the rear-view mirror at Lucinda and Shawn.\par
DEE\par
(angered; concerned)\par
Are you alright?\par
The Old Black Woman falls off the back of the car and rolls to a crunching halt as she hits a tree. Dee\rquote s car speeds towards the street. Other Affected arrive just as the car speeds away, leaving them to only give chase or fight with each other, but none can keep up.\par
An affected, Skinny Man, stands in the middle of the road and begins to run towards Dee\rquote s car.\par
Dee grips the steering-wheel with anxious trepidation as she slams the accelerator, speeding up the car.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(warning her passengers)\par
Hold on you guys...\par
The Skinny Man sprints and tries to tackle the front of the car, head-on, cracking the windshield and sending the Skinny Man flying over the car in a spray of blood.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to the dead affected)\par
What the fuck is happening?\par
Dee turns the wind-shield-wipers on, smearing the blood.\par
Shawn sits bent over and in pain. He opens his coat and pulls out Stella, Lucinda\rquote s doll.\par
Lucinda is looking at her brother.\par
LUCINDA\par
(excited)\par
Stella! You got her back!\par
SHAWN\par
(grimacing in pain)\par
Have I ever let you down?\par
LUCINDA\par
(reaching for the doll)\par
Bubba, you\rquote re the best...\par
Lucinda looks at the blood on her hands, then examines the doll more closely, noticing the blood soaked into Stella.\par
Lucinda realizes that Shawn is hurt.\par
LUCINDA (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to her brother; concerned)\par
You are bleeding Bubba!\par
Shawn waves his hand to Lucinda in a dismissive gesture.\par
SHAWN\par
I\rquote m...\par
(grimacing)\par
I\rquote m alright...\par
(taking a deep breath; closing his eyes)\par
I\rquote ll be fine Lucy... \par
(slowing; passing out)\par
...don\rquote t have to... worry about... ...about a...\par
(voice becomes garbled)\par
Trrr...\par
Lucinda reaches over and checks Shawn\rquote s side. She pulls her hand away and looks at the blood on her hand.\par
LUCINDA\par
(to Dee; scared)\par
Misses Dee! Something is wrong!\par
DEE\par
(alarmed)\par
What?\par
LUCINDA\par
Shawn is bleeding a lot... I think it\rquote s pretty bad.\par
Dee grabs a sweater that she had left in her car and hands it back to Lucinda.\par
DEE\par
(disturbed)\par
See if you can find out where he is bleeding and press on it with this. I\rquote ll try to find a safe place to pull over... Make sure you keep him awake!\par
EXT. SIDE STREET - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee drives slowly past an empty pick-up-truck, engulfed in flames, stopped at the stop-sign. There are two charred bodies burnt to a crisp inside.\par
There is no moving traffic. Only abandoned vehicles litter the four lane street that they are on. Traffic looks like it could be blocked up.\par
Dee looks back at Shawn with concern in her eyes.\par
DEE\par
(to Lucinda)\par
He probably needs to see a doctor.\par
Dee scans the area for a good place to pull over.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
I\rquote m gonna\rquote  pull over and take a look at him.\par
Dee parks the car on the side of the street and gets out, scanning the area for any sign of the affected. \par
Up the street, hidden amongst a bunch of abandoned vehicles, a salt-truck billows a burst of choking black-smoke out of its smoke-stacks.\par
Dee goes to the other side of the car and opens Shawn\rquote s door.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(turning Shawn\rquote s head so she can see his eyes)\par
Shawn! Can you hear me?\par
(she slaps his face)\par
Shawn!!! I need you to get out of the car.\par
(to herself)\par
Damn-it!!!\par
Lucinda holds Shawn\rquote s hand.\par
LUCINDA\par
(worried)\par
Is Bubba gonna die?\par
Dee tries to inspect the wound, but fails to see anything but blood.\par
DEE\par
(frustrated)\par
I need to get him out of the car...\par
(to Lucinda)\par
Grab his feet and help me.\par
Dee begins to pull Shawn out.\par
SHAWN\par
(in pain)\par
Ahhh... \par
(surprised)\par
I\rquote m awake... \par
(hurrying)\par
Stop! I\rquote ll get out...\par
Shawn pulls himself out, with Dee\rquote s help, clutching the wound and groaning.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
It hurts!!!\par
(sitting down)\par
I gotta sit.\par
Dee helps Shawn lay down on the grass near the street.\par
Lucinda puts her black hockey mask on her face as she gets out and helps Dee look at Shawn.\par
LUCINDA\par
Is there anything I can do? \par
Dee inspects the wound and realizes its a gunshot wound.\par
DEE\par
(to Lucinda)\par
Look for some water and anything we can use as bandages. \par
(to herself)\par
We need to get this bullet out. \par
(to Shawn)\par
You were shot! All we can do is bandage you up for now... Wait...\par
(remembering)\par
Mike always...\par
(trailing off)\par
Dee gets up and goes back to the car and opens the trunk. Next to the spare-tire is a survival kit.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(looking up at the sky)\par
Thank you Michael... You were always the best... I love you so much!\par
(choking up)\par
I miss you...\par
Lucinda, with the water in hand, kneels next to Shawn.\par
LUCINDA\par
(curious)\par
You hear that?\par
The salt-truck roars towards them.\par
Dee looks up, dropping the survival kit as she notices the danger, and runs over to Shawn and Lucinda.\par
DEE\par
(shouting)\par
Look out!!!\par
Dee pushes Lucinda down, shielding her and Shawn with her own body, as the salt-truck demolishes Dee\rquote s car-sending it flipping just inches above their ducking heads. \par
The salt-truck hits the road-bank and flips over in a spray of salt as the car hits the ground and tumbles away. The salt-truck grinds to a screeching halt, now upside-down and smoking.\par
Dee lays face up in the snow, in shock. She touches her chest and grabs her arms, amazed that she is unhurt.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to everyone)\par
Did you guys see--\par
(remembering; sitting up)\par
Oh! My babies...\par
(moving towards the kids)\par
Are you two alright?\par
Lucinda and Shawn look at one another as they begin to get up from the ditch. Lucinda sits on her knees, looking towards Dee. Shawn groans and starts to crawl towards the road. \par
SHAWN\par
(to Lucinda)\par
Come on Lucy!\par
Lucinda\rquote s eyes peering out of the black hockey mask in wide-eyed amazement and paralyzing fear.\par
Dee moves hastily to Lucinda, grabbing her shoulders.\par
DEE\par
Are you okay sweetie?\par
Shawn stands slowly, holding his side, staring at Dee\rquote s car.\par
SHAWN\par
(weakly)\par
Fuck!!!\par
(to Dee; pointing to her demolished car)\par
It\rquote s a good thing we weren\rquote t in that.\par
Dee\rquote s smashed car is surrounded by glass and twisted metal.\par
Dee suddenly looks as if she feels exposed.\par
DEE\par
(looking around)\par
We need to get out of here.\par
(to Shawn)\par
Can you walk?\par
Shawn looks over at Lucinda, before turning to Dee.\par
SHAWN\par
(wincing)\par
I\rquote ll manage!\par
Shawn turns and walks away, clutching his side. Dee helps Lucinda up to her feet, grabs the supply bag and survival kit, and hurries to catch up to Shawn.\par
DEE\par
(to Lucinda)\par
Come on, dear.\par
(leading her)\par
We need to keep moving.\par
Dee, Shawn, and Lucinda walk off towards the on-ramp in the distance.\par
The passenger door of the upside-down salt truck opens. A rifle is thrown out and it hits the snow-patched ground with a thud. Thadius\rquote  boots crunch into the snow next to the rifle.\par
FADE OUT:\par
FADE IN:\par
EXT. GAS STATION - LATER\par
AERIAL SHOT of an abandoned gas station with abandoned cars left in disarray. Fires smolder amongst the wreckage as dead bodies scatter the landscape and straggling Affected make their way towards events in the distance. \par
INT. GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee has Shawn sit, shirtless, on the counter while she finishes wrapping the bandage around him.\par
DEE\par
Alright... that should do for now. We need to get you to the hospital. How do you feel?\par
SHAWN\par
Like shit. \par
(smiling)\par
I was shot after-all...\par
DEE\par
(cracks a smile)\par
Yeah... Okay smart ass... I mean, how do you feel about walking? We still have a little ways to go... We have to walk across the brid--\par
SHAWN\par
(interrupting)\par
Don\rquote t worry Misses Dee. I\rquote ll be fine!\par
Dee glares at Shawn for a second, pain welling within her heart, before giving him a loving and anguished smile.\par
DEE\par
(silently)\par
Okay...\par
Dee wipes the tears from her eyes and looks over at Lucinda. \par
Lucinda has her black hockey mask pushed up on top of her head. Holding Stella tightly as she goes through the wreckage of the gas station, looking for anything useful among the already well luted station.\par
Shawn looks at Dee with concern.\par
SHAWN\par
What\rquote s uh matter?\par
DEE\par
Nothing... I\rquote m fine... I\rquote m just wondering... it\rquote s just that you two remind me so much of my kids. Before these monsters... these \lquote affected\rquote  did... what they did.\par
SHAWN\par
I\rquote m sorry... What are their names?\par
DEE\par
(angry)\par
Huh?\par
SHAWN\par
Their names? What are your kids names?\par
Dee takes a bottle of aspirin out of a supply bag.\par
DEE\par
Oh, uh... My daughter is the oldest. Her name is Skyler and my son is Georgie... \par
(removes the lid, but just holds the bottle)\par
George. My Georgie...\par
SHAWN\par
You are a good mom Misses Dee. I wish Lucy was able to grow up with a mom like you. I know that\rquote s what she wants more than anything in this world. Her mom... even if it was just for a short time. At least she could remember her. I think its not being able to have any memories of a mother that is the hardest part for her.\par
DEE\par
You\rquote re a good kid, Shawn. You and your sister, both.\par
(handing two aspirin to Shawn)\par
Take these.\par
Dee walks over towards the window and peeks outside. Affected are creating their chaos down the road, far enough away to almost be out of sight.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
Most of the affected seem to have moved on somewhere else. I can still see a few down the road a bit, but it looks relatively safe out th--\par
With a loud crash, the window and the coffee-maker suddenly explode in a shower of glass. Dee drops her bag of supplies as everyone reacts in surprise.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(scared)\par
Oh! What the hell was that?\par
Lucinda drops her black hockey mask into place and moves towards Dee and her brother.\par
LUCINDA\par
What\rquote s happening?\par
Dee reaches down to pick up the supply bag and an empty jar of meat sticks explodes where Dee\rquote s head had just been a moment before.\par
DEE\par
Fuck this!\par
Shawn jumps from the counter and grabs Lucinda, ducking down.\par
SHAWN\par
(shrieking)\par
Someone\rquote s shooting at us.\par
Dee ducks, looking around, searching for the way out.\par
DEE\par
We need to get out of here right now. Go out the back... Hurry! Go!\par
Lucinda, Shawn and Dee scurry into the back of the gas station, staying as low as possible.\par
EXT. GAS STATION / PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee, Shawn, and Lucinda exit through the back door of the gas station. Dee is leading the pack to safety from the unknown gun shots.\par
A mini-mall sits in the next lot as they exit through the back door. The parking lot is littered with some cars and dead bodies of those who couldn\rquote t escape the affected. \par
Some Affected ransack the building across the parking lot.\par
Dee turns to get Shawn and Lucinda\rquote s attention.\par
DEE\par
(whispering)\par
Stay close...\par
Dee, Shawn, and Lucinda quickly take refuge behind a dumpster near the rear of the gas station.\par
Dee slowly peeks around the dumpster, accessing their situation.\par
Dee notices a patch of woods leading towards the river on the opposite side of the parking lot. \par
Dee points in the direction of the woods.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
You see those trees right there?\par
Both, Shawn and Lucinda take turns peeking around the dumpster, eyeing the trees that Dee is speaking of.\par
Shawn and Lucinda answer Dee almost in unison.\par
SHAWN\par
(noticing; wincing)\par
Yeah...\par
LUCINDA\par
(looking; scared)\par
Uh, huh...\par
Dee looks back at Shawn and Lucinda.\par
DEE\par
Well that\rquote s where we need to go.\par
Dee carefully peeks back around the dumpster, looking for the best route to take to avoid as many Affected as possible and get to the woods.\par
Dee notices that there are a few burning cars between them and the woods, spewing black smoke.\par
Dee turns back towards Shawn and Lucinda.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(earnestly)\par
Alright... We need to be as quiet as possible. But, when I say... you two stay behind me, and run like hell.\par
Shawn looks down at his wound and grimaces at the thought of running.\par
Dee looks at Shawn reaching out to lift his chin with her finger.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(reassuring)\par
Shawn! Listen to me... You can do this... Lucy needs you... Okay?\par
Shawn gathers himself, fighting the pain.\par
SHAWN\par
(boldly; reassuring himself)\par
Yeah... I can do this.\par
DEE\par
Alright... You two ready?\par
Shawn and Lucinda nod their heads in agreement.\par
Dee slowly peeks around the corner of the dumpster and screams out in fear.\par
The HAUNTING-MASKED AFFECTED who\rquote s orange and red mask bears a large brown smearing smile, creates a morbid and scary appearance. His black-leather-jacket appears to conceal a skinny frame. He wields a knife, shakily, out before him. \par
HAUTING-MASKED AFFECTED\par
(surprised)\par
... Hey! What\rquote s this?\par
Dee quickly jumps back towards Lucinda and Shawn. With no hesitation, she quickly grabs the machete from its sheath at Shawn\rquote s hip, brandishing it out before her.\par
DEE\par
(continuing; reacting)\par
Get away from my kids, you son of a bitch!\par
Shawn and Lucinda look at each other with raised eyebrows.\par
The Haunting-Masked Affected lunges towards Dee with the knife. Dee quickly swings the machete in a downward motion.\par
The machete buries itself deep into the Haunting-Masked Affected\rquote s skull. Blood pours down the mask.\par
The Haunting-Masked Affected collapses to his knees, pulling the machete free from Dee\rquote s hand, before slumping towards the ground and dropping his knife at Shawn\rquote s feet.\par
The machete still buried in his skull causes blood to pool around him as it soaks into his leather jacket. Shawn picks up the Haunting-Masked Affected\rquote s knife.\par
Shawn and Lucinda stare in amazement at what they just witnessed. Shawn grips the knife tightly in his fist.\par
Dee looks down at the Haunting-Masked Affected. She reaches down, grabbing the hilt and placing her foot on his chest. With a sharp pull, Dee free\rquote s the machete from the his skull and he falls over, causing more blood to pool on the concrete. \par
Dee, breathing heavily, looks at Shawn and Lucinda with blood splattered all over her.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(concerned)\par
You kids okay?\par
Shawn holds his side and Lucinda shakes her head in unified amazement as Shawn quickly answers.\par
SHAWN\par
(stunned; still in pain)\par
You\rquote re a bad-ass Misses Dee!!!\par
Dee looks at Shawn and Lucinda with confusion. She then looks down at herself, wielding the machete that is dripping with the fresh blood of the dead man.\par
Shawn and Lucinda both stare at Dee in open-mouthed silence.\par
DEE\par
Yeah, well... I don\rquote t know?\par
(trailing off)\par
Just...\par
Dee tries to regain herself and refocus on their mission.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(whispering)\par
Alright... \par
(focusing)\par
The tree line! Remember, stay with me and be quiet.\par
Dee cautiously looks back around the dumpster hesitantly as she wields the machete. Spotting no affected, Dee looks back at Shawn and Lucinda. \par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(whispering)\par
Okay.. You two ready? \par
Shawn and Lucinda silently shake their heads yes.\par
Dee looks back towards the cars near the tree-line.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(whispering cautiously)\par
Alright, here we go... stay with me!!\par
Dee quickly runs towards a group of cars that are on fire. Shawn and Lucinda are following close behind. \par
Dee, Shawn and Lucinda sneak up towards the burning cars.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(whispering)\par
Hurry, lets get behind that smoke.\par
Dee leads Shawn and Lucinda behind the smoke of the burning cars before making their way on to another group of vehicles.\par
EXT. MINI-MALL PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee stops and kneels behind some crashed-up cars and quickly assesses the parking-lot ahead of them.\par
DEE\par
(whispering; holding her hand up)\par
Hold up...\par
(to herself)\par
What the fuck are they doing?\par
A group of about twenty-Affected annihilate one another with a variety of different weapons and chaotic tactics.\par
Dee quickly turns back and looks at Shawn and Lucinda.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(hurried)\par
Okay, they seem occupied... ready?\par
Shawn is growing more pale and sweating profusely as he holds his new knife in his fist and against his wound.\par
SHAWN\par
(breathing hard)\par
I\rquote m right behind you...\par
(exhausted)\par
Say when.\par
Lucinda nods again in agreement.\par
LUCINDA\par
(mimicking, holding her doll)\par
Yeah, say when.\par
Dee looks at both Shawn and Lucinda.\par
DEE\par
(whispering)\par
Okay. This is it. We need to get to the woods as quickly as possible. Whatever happens? Don\rquote t stop running until I say.\par
Dee slowly peeks around the cars, towards the group of Affected, then motions towards the tree-line.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(quickly)\par
Let\rquote s go!!\par
Dee, Shawn, and Lucinda hurry towards the tree line. \par
Dee, still wielding the machete, enters the woods and looks around.\par
Dee\rquote s notices an old dirt path and points in its direction.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to the kids)\par
Look over there... \par
(motioning)\par
Follow me...\par
Shawn and Lucinda are close behind Dee as they make their way through the woods and down the dirt path.\par
EXT. WOODS - LATER\par
Dee, Lucinda, and Shawn follow the old dirt-path.\par
Dee is leading the pack towards their destination, baring the machete in her hand at her side. Lucinda, wearing the black hockey mask and holding Stella close, follows in the middle. Shawn guards the rear with his new knife held at the ready.\par
Dee, Lucinda, and Shawn climb the next little hill and come-upon a really tall barbed-wire-fence. The fence is made of rusted-sheets of metal. Dee stops, kneels down and gives warning by holding up her empty hand.\par
DEE\par
(cautious, whispering)\par
Whoa! Hold up a sec...\par
Lucinda and Shawn kneel down and try to stay quiet.\par
Dee peeks back over the hill looking for any signs of the affected.  \par
What appears to be an abandoned old junk-yard.\par
A sign on the fence reads \ldblquote No Trespassing. Violators will be shot on sight\rdblquote  amongst the denoting hate-filled graffiti. \ldblquote Assholes\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Fuck-You\rdblquote  have been sprayed-out most recently on the fence, and the paint still retains its vivid color. \par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(whispering to herself)\par
Oh... Great!! Just what we need.\par
Shawn, looking none-the-better, cautiously glances over the hill and notices the fence and the barbed-wire.\par
SHAWN\par
(gritting teeth)\par
Is there a way around that fence? There\rquote s no way I\rquote ll be able to get over that.\par
Shawn holds onto his wound, wincing in pain.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(worried)\par
And Lucy? How\rquote s she suppose to get over that?\par
Dee kneels back down to the Shawn and Lucinda.\par
DEE\par
(reassuring, whispering)\par
Listen you two. I told you I\rquote d help you find your dad and that\rquote s what I\rquote m gonna\rquote  do. So give me some time and I\rquote ll find a way through.\par
Dee cautiously looks back over the hill to check her route.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(cautiously)\par
Alright... Here\rquote s what I\rquote m gonna\rquote  do...\par
Dee kneels back down and looks back at Shawn and Lucinda.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(sternly)\par
Shawn, listen to me. I need you to stand watch over your sister for a few minutes.. Okay? I\rquote m gonna\rquote  go scout along the fence-line and see if I can find a way through.\par
Dee hands Shawn the machete.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(encouraging)\par
Take this... and keep watch. I\rquote ll be right back.\par
Shawn tosses his knife to the ground as he grabs the machete from Dee and grips its handle with determination. \par
Lucinda reaches out to Dee and hugs her.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared, holding on tight)\par
Please... Misses Dee... Don\rquote t go.\par
Dee hugs Lucinda in a reassuring embrace.\par
DEE\par
(whispering, encouraging)\par
Now, now... there. Misses Dee\rquote s gonna\rquote  be fine. I\rquote m just gonna\rquote  run in that direction for a minute and see if there\rquote s a way through, or around this fence. Shawn will be right here with you, keeping you safe until I get back... Okay?\par
Dee slowly pulls Lucinda back from her tight hug and lifts her black hockey mask up, so she can see her face. \par
Lucinda is looking up at Dee.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(smiling)\par
Okay? I\rquote ll be right back. I promise.\par
(grabbing the locket)\par
Here let me give this back to you before I go.\par
Lucinda nods in reluctant agreement.\par
LUCINDA\par
(worried)\par
It\rquote s okay, Misses Dee. You keep it for now... just hurry!\par
Dee stands-up, letting go of Lucinda as she looks towards the fence-line and then back towards Shawn.\par
DEE\par
(whispering)\par
Alright... Keep your eyes open. I\rquote ll be right back... \par
Shawn, wielding the blood stained machete.\par
SHAWN\par
(determined)\par
Okay, be careful. Lucy and I will be right here.\par
Dee gives Shawn a look of confidence before peeking over the hill once more. Dee glances again at Shawn and Lucinda as she begins over the hill.\par
DEE\par
(concerned)\par
Stay down... Be right back.\par
Dee disappears over the hill.\par
Shawn moves to look over the hill and watch.\par
Dee walks the perimeter of the fence and quickly vanishes in the wooded distance.\par
Shawn looks over at Lucinda who is watching him and his machete.\par
SHAWN\par
(reassuring)\par
Don\rquote t worry Lucy, she\rquote ll be right back, just like she said... Okay?\par
Lucinda wears an upset look.\par
LUCINDA\par
(concerned)\par
I\rquote m not worried about her Bubba.\par
Shawn tries to get some-what comfortable.\par
SHAWN\par
(curious)\par
Oh, your not, are ya? Then why the look on your face?\par
Lucinda gets up and walks over to Shawn before dropping down to embrace him in a tight squeeze.\par
LUCINDA\par
(concerned)\par
It\rquote s you Bubba! I\rquote m worried about you.\par
Shawn looks down at Lucinda\rquote s innocent little face as she stares up at him.\par
SHAWN\par
(reassuring)\par
I\rquote m going to be just fine Lucy.\par
(pausing)\par
Okay?\par
Lucinda looks at Shawn\rquote s blood-soaked wound and then back up at Shawn.\par
LUCINDA\par
(reassured)\par
Okay, Bubba.\par
Shawn leans back, resting with Lucinda in his arms.\par
SHAWN\par
(reassuring, whisper)\par
We are gonna\rquote  be just fine... Just fine.\par
EXT. JUNK-YARD / OUTER FENCE - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee walks along the fence-line as she looks for a way into, or around, the junk-yard.\par
Dee notices a hole spaced between two rusty pieces of sheet metal near the ground. Dee glances up to the heavens.\par
DEE\par
(joyful)\par
Thank you!!\par
Dee looks around the perimeter for any signs of danger and finds nothing. Just the sounds of nature coming from the woods nearby.\par
Dee kneels down to examine the size of the hole in the fence.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(curious)\par
Might be big enough?\par
Dee stands up to head back to where she left Shawn and Lucinda. As Dee turns to go, she is met with a blow to the head from JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1\rquote s gun-handle and she collapses.\par
FADE OUT:\par
FADE IN:\par
EXT. WOODS - LATER\par
Shawn and Lucinda lay on the back of the hill-side as they wait on Dee\rquote s return. \par
Shawn seems to be growing impatient as he bounces his leg on the ground, unable to stay still. \par
SHAWN\par
(painfully, worried)\par
She should have been back by now.\par
Shawn groans as he stands and looks over the hill.\par
Lucinda sits up, watching Shawn as he looks for Dee.\par
LUCINDA\par
What\rquote s a matter Bubba? Is Misses Dee not coming back?\par
Shawn looks at Lucinda and bluntly answers.\par
SHAWN\par
(blunt, concerned)\par
I don\rquote t know Lucy? But, I think if she was, she would have been back by now?\par
Shawn looks in the direction that Dee left, then back to Lucinda.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(concerned)\par
I think we need to go find her.\par
Lucinda quickly leans up and grabs Shawn\rquote s free hand.\par
Shawn pulls Lucinda to her feet.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared)\par
Bubba, I\rquote m scared.\par
Shawn kneels down close to Lucinda\rquote s face, looking her in the eyes and whispers.\par
SHAWN\par
(whispering)\par
That\rquote s Okay... So am I, Lucy. But, we\rquote re gonna find Misses Dee and then we\rquote re gonna go find dad.\par
Shawn softly grabs Lucinda\rquote s chin.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(reassuring)\par
We\rquote re gonna be alright... Okay?\par
Lucinda nods her head yes as if believing her brothers words.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(relieved)\par
Good. So, you ready? \par
Lucinda pulls her black hockey mask down so all that can be seen is her eyes.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared)\par
Yeah, Bubba.\par
Shawn stands back up looking over the hillside towards the fence, then back to Lucinda.\par
SHAWN\par
(cautious)\par
Stay close...\par
Lucinda nods her head yes. \par
Shawn and Lucinda disappear over the hill-side towards the fence-line. \par
EXT. JUNK-YARD / OUTER FENCE - LATE AFTERNOON\par
Shawn and Lucinda cautiously follow the fence-line. \par
Shawn quickly stops Lucinda and they both kneel down near some empty, rusted, fifty-five-gallon-drums. Shawn notices a hole in the fence and turns to Lucinda.\par
SHAWN\par
(whispering)\par
Stay here. I\rquote m going to go check it out.\par
Lucinda nods her head at Shawn\rquote s request.\par
Shawn cautiously walks over to the hole and notices the ground is stirred up. Shawn notices a small pool of blood being soaked into the cold frozen soil.\par
The locket is partially obscured by some leaves. Shawn bends down and places his hand on it, lifting it up. \par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(realizing)\par
Dee...\par
Shawn looks back at Lucinda before standing. He puts the locket into his jacket-pocket without Lucinda noticing.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(whispering nervously to himself)\par
Shit...\par
Shawn moves back towards Lucinda, who waits patiently.\par
Lucinda anxiously plays with Stella as she waits.\par
Shawn walks over and kneels beside Lucinda and she looks up at him.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(sternly)\par
Lucy, we need to go...  \par
Shawn grabs Lucinda by her wrist and helps her to her feet and leads them both back to the hole in the fence. Lucinda looks around nervously as she follows.\par
LUCINDA\par
(curious, whispering)\par
Where\rquote s Misses Dee, Bubba?\par
Shawn looks back at Lucinda.\par
SHAWN\par
(quieting)\par
Shhhh...\par
Shawn and Lucinda arrive back at the hole in the fence. Shawn places the machete into the sheath at his hip.  \par
Shawn gets on his back, trying to shimmy through the hole in-order to look inside the junk-yard.\par
Shawn grabs the bottom of the fence, which hinders his movement. Shawn tries to look at Lucinda.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(wincing)\par
Lucy, try to hold this up for me. Once I get in and make sure its safe, I\rquote ll pull you through.\par
Lucinda struggles to lift the sheet of metal enough for Shawn to fit through.\par
Shawn again begins to shimmy slowly through the hole. The metal sheet grabs hold of his jacket, snagging him again. \par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(wincing)\par
Pull the fence up a little more...\par
Lucinda pulls harder and lifts the metal just enough for Shawn to squeeze through.\par
Shawn begins to shimmy his way through the hole again.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
That\rquote s good... almost ther--\par
(screaming in pain)\par
Ahhh!!!\par
The rusted metal crushes against Shawn\rquote s wound as Lucinda\rquote s hands disappear from the fence.\par
Shawn grits his teeth and breathes quickly.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(angered; wincing)\par
Oh god... Lucy... What happened?\par
There is no-reply and Shawn struggles to free himself from the fence.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(in pain)\par
Lucy? Help me get this off.\par
Shawn begins to worry.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(angered)\par
Damn-it Lucy...\par
(frustrated; in pain)\par
Ah, Fuck! God help... me!!!\par
Shawn let\rquote s out a scream of desperation and finds the strength to lift the fence enough to slowly shimmy\rquote s his body the rest of the way through the hole and into the junk-yard.\par
EXT. JUNK-YARD / INSIDE THE FENCE - CONTINUOUS\par
Shawn looks back out the hole in search of Lucinda. \par
SHAWN\par
(whispering, worried)\par
Lucy? \par
Stella is lying in the dirt and Lucinda is gone.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(urgently)\par
Lucy! Where did you go?\par
Shawn reaches out the hole, grabbing Stella and sits up on his knees. He holds the doll up and looks at it.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to Stella)\par
She would have never left you behind.\par
Shawn sticks Stella inside his jacket and quickly pulls the machete from its sheath. He examines the junk-yard again.\par
Shawn uses the fence to help himself stand up. He groans and almost falls when he lets go.  \par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to himself)\par
Don\rquote t pass out!\par
Shawn looks around and makes his way towards a wall of smashed cars.\par
Walls of cars, piled on top of one another, form a maze that shoots off in different directions.\par
Shawn wipes his eyes of moisture as he stares at the maze.\par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
What the hell is this?\par
A faint scream echo\rquote s from deep within the junk-yard. \par
SHAWN (CONT\rquote D)\par
(worried)\par
Lucy!\par
Shawn regains himself and hurries off to investigate.\par
EXT. JUNK-YARD / MAIN WORK YARD - MOMENTS LATER\par
Shawn army crawls on top of an old rusted pile of cars, still wielding the machete. A loud machine reverberates in the yard. There are also men shouting amongst softer cries from the miserable captives which echo throughout the work-yard.\par
Shawn peeks over the edge and looks down at the action in the work-yard below. \par
Dee is battered and covered with blood. She is one of a large group of Captives-men and women who sit together, on the ground, in a circle. They all have their hands bound in front of them and they are all blindfolded with duct tape.  \par
JUNK-YARD BOSS appears to grow tired of the crying and begins to harass his Captives. He is a very large, over-weight, man who wields a double-barrel shotgun. He is sporting some coveralls that are smeared with grease, dirt, and blood. He is also wearing a bright orange hunter\rquote s sock cap that covers his face.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
(amused)\par
You whiney fuckin\rquote  bitches... Stand the fuck up!\par
Junk-Yard Boss\rquote s words are met with no movement, but the sobs quickly turn into sniffles and muffled silence.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS (CONT\rquote D)\par
(angered)\par
I said get to your mother-fuckin\rquote  feet! \par
(shouting)\par
Now!!!\par
The group of Captives begin to get to their feet.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss grabs a PREGNANT WOMAN who follows his orders too slowly. He has his fist wrapped in her hair and pushes his shotgun underneath her chin. The Pregnant Woman starts to sob and plead as she feels the cold steel touching her throat. \par
PREGNANT WOMAN\par
(pleading; fearful)\par
Please, you don\rquote t have to do this...\par
Junk-Yard Boss slightly tilts his head as he looks at the pregnant woman.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
(proudly)\par
This is what I'm fucking talking about... \par
The Junk-Yard Boss jerks the Pregnant Woman\rquote s hair down, lifting her head up as she cries out in pain. \par
JUNK-YARD BOSS (CONT\rquote D)\par
(spit flying in her face)\par
Shut the fuck up!!!\par
The screaming Junk-Yard Boss leans back and pulls the trigger of his shotgun while continuing to scream in rage.\par
The Pregnant Woman\rquote s head is blown off. Blood and brain matter splatter all over Dee and the rest of the Captives.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss\rquote s hand still holds part of the pregnant woman\rquote s skull by her hair as the Captives begin to panic. \par
Shawn turns over to his back and looks up into the sky. The junk-yard boss screams at the group below.   \par
JUNK-YARD BOSS (O.C.) (CONT\rquote D)\par
I am the fuckin\rquote  boss around here! When I tell you pieces of shit to do something, you do it. All of you!\par
Shawn can\rquote t believe what he just witnessed. Shawn looks at his machete doubtfully.\par
SHAWN\par
(questioning)\par
Why is this happening?\par
(worried)\par
Lucy... where are you?\par
A male voice yells out above the sound of the running-machine.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1 (O.C.)\par
Hey Boss!!!\par
LUCINDA (O.C.)\par
(screaming)\par
Ow.... Let me go, I have to go get Stella!\par
Shawn\rquote s face lights up as he hears Lucinda\rquote s voice. He quickly turns back over and looks into the yard for her.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1 (O.C.)\par
Look at what I found.\par
Lucinda is being dragged by the grimy JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1. Her hands are bound together by duct tape and he now wears Lucinda\rquote s black hockey mask. He also wears some greased up coveralls with fresh blood splattered all over the front of them and he wields a small pistol in his free hand. \par
Shawn is thankful to see his sister alive, but also scared. He whispers her name to himself.\par
SHAWN\par
(excited, hopeful)\par
Lucy!\par
Lucinda looks up at Junk-Yard Lackey #1 who points his pistol at her.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared, screaming)\par
I need Stella!\par
Junk-Yard Lackey #1 looks down at Lucinda, with haunting eyes, through the mask.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1\par
(annoyed)\par
Will you just shut the fuck up already? You can forget about your stupid fucking Stella. The bitch ain\rquote t gonna save you.\par
Lucinda looks to the ground and begins to cry.\par
The large, grime covered, Junk-Yard Boss walks over to Lucinda and lifts her face with the butt of his shotgun.\par
Lucinda is crying as she looks at the Junk-Yard Boss, a scary man wearing an orange face mask and wielding a shotgun.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1 (CONT\rquote D)\par
(excited)\par
Hey, Boss... I found her outside the fence. She was with a boy who I left stuck in the fence. He was trying to crawl through a hole.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss quickly turns to Junk-Yard Lackey #1 and raises his shotgun to aim at his chest. Junk-Yard Boss gets face to face with his lackey. \par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
(intently)\par
So, the boy... what do you fucking mean you left him stuck in the fence?\par
Junk-Yard Lackey #1 tries to tell why he left Shawn behind.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1\par
Well, it didn\rquote t seem like he was going anywhere...\par
The Junk-Yard Boss grabs the edge of the black hockey mask.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
And what\rquote s with this stupid fucking mask? You trying to be that Jason fucker from those funkin\rquote  movies?\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1\par
The girl had it. I just thought it seemed cool.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
Well, its not! You look fucking stupid. Give it back to her. She probably looks better in it than your retarded ass.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1\par
But, boss...\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
Don\rquote t \ldblquote but, boss\rdblquote  me you stupid piece-of-shit. I said give it back to her. Now! Unless you want to taste your shit when I shove my fucking gun up your dumb-ass.\par
Shawn looks around for some kind of guidance. \par
SHAWN\par
(to himself)\par
What am I going to do?\par
Junk-Yard Boss and Junk-Yard Lackey #1 walk off with Lucinda towards a small shack and JUNK-YARD LACKEY #2, who stands as he works inside. He seems to be the one operating the loud machine and he is hard to make out due to the glare on the glass of the shack. The sound of the machine running drowns out what the men are saying. They seem to be arguing about him leaving Shawn stuck in the fence.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss strikes Junk-Yard Lackey #1 in the mouth with the butt of the shotgun. A splatter of blood spews from his face as he falls to the ground, letting go of Lucinda\rquote s hands and dropping the black hockey mask. The mask falls to the ground and lands beside Lucinda. \par
Lucinda bends down and picks up the black hockey mask with her bound hands, putting it back on. Though, it now hangs a little more loosely on her head.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss still argues and points off in the direction of where Shawn was stuck in the fence. \par
Junk-Yard Lackey #1 finds his feet and quickly runs in the direction that the junk-yard boss was just pointing in.\par
Junk-Yard Boss quickly snatches Lucinda up by her bound hands and throws her over his shoulder. Lucinda starts screaming again, this time for Shawn, as she struggles against her captor.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared, screaming)\par
Bubba!!! \par
The Junk-Yard Boss carries Lucinda to the group of Captives who are all now standing. \par
Shawn continues to watch as the Junk-Yard Boss ties Lucinda to the end of the line, next to Dee, and then walks away.\par
SHAWN\par
(determined)\par
I\rquote m coming for you Lucy.\par
Shawn rolls over and puts his machete back into its sheath, then slowly backs down the rusted pile of cars, disappearing into the shadows below.\par
EXT. JUNK-YARD / MAIN WORK YARD - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee has her head cocked as she listens to the Junk-Yard Boss\rquote  footsteps as he walks off.\par
DEE\par
(scared, whispering)\par
Lucy, is that you hun?\par
Lucinda looks up, with surprise, at Dee. She tries to adjust the black hockey mask so that she can see out the eye-holes.\par
LUCINDA\par
(relieved)\par
Misses Dee! You\rquote re Okay?\par
Dee\rquote s duct-taped eyes look down in Lucinda\rquote s direction.\par
DEE\par
(reassuringly)\par
Yeah, for now. We need to find a way out of here.\par
EXT. JUNK-YARD / THE MAZE OF CARS - LATER\par
Junk-Yard Lackey #1 is walking back to where he left Shawn stuck in the fence. The Junk-Yard Lackey #1 is still wielding his pistol and arguing amongst himself about the treatment he gets from the junk-yard boss.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1\par
(angry)\par
Hit me in the fucking mouth will ya?\par
Junk-Yard Lackey #1 stops, pointing his pistol in the air. \par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1 (CONT\rquote D)\par
I\rquote ll put you in a fuckin\rquote  hole, you over-grown mother-fucker!\par
Junk-Yard Lackey #1 spits blood out of his busted mouth and starts dancing around, waving his pistol to and fro, as if fighting his imaginary boss. \par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1 (CONT\rquote D)\par
Come on, boss... fuck with me will ya? You fucking pussy!\par
The Junk-Yard Lackey #1 swings his arms around and accidently hits his pistol against one of the cars piled up nearby.\par
The pistol is knocked free from Junk-Yard Lackey #1\rquote s grip. The pistol hits the ground a few yards away, near another pile of old rusted cars.\par
The Junk-Yard Lackey #1 looks around for his gun.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1 (CONT\rquote D)\par
Well, that fuckin\rquote  sucks!\par
Finally spotting it, Junk-Yard Lackey #1 walks over and bends down to pick up his pistol.\par
JUNK YARD LACKEY #1\par
Ah... There you are.\par
Junk-Yard Lackey #1 reaches for his pistol and finally gets it in his grip.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #1\par
I\rquote ll get that mother-fuck--\par
Junk-Yard Lackey #1\rquote s body falls lifelessly to the ground and his now severed head rolls a few feet away in a spray of blood.\par
A foot steps out from the shadows and the rusted cars. A hand picks up the blood covered pistol.\par
Shawn stands with the bloody machete and the blood covered pistol.\par
SHAWN\par
(whispering; to the dead man)\par
No, I\rquote ll get that mother-fucker!\par
EXT. JUNK-YARD / MAIN WORK YARD - LATER\par
Junk-Yard Boss wields his shotgun, leading the roped-together Captives to the top of a steep ramp that leads towards the loud haunting machine and the shack below.\par
Dee and Lucinda are last in line of the tied-up Captives.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss barks orders at the Captives. He ruthlessly pushes the leading man forward, who gets scared and tries to stop.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
(annoyed)\par
Keep fuckin\rquote  moving! Don\rquote t fucking stop till I say so!\par
Dee and Lucinda are slowly being pulled along, by the rope, up the steep ramp.\par
BILLY, a snaggle toothed and wiry young man in his mid-twenties, is tied up in front of them yelling out above the loud noise of the machine. It sounds like a whisper against the sound of the huge machine.\par
BILLY\par
(yelling, scared)\par
Merv... Where are you? You p-pro-pro-promised to always keep me safe. Merv...\par
The Captives are pulled along together by the rope that connects them. They are all blind-folded (except Lucinda who still wears her black hockey mask) and they all have their hands bound in front of them by duct tape.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss leads the Captives to the edge of the huge machine and he gives a thumbs-up to the junk-yard lackey #2, who is in the shack below, running the giant car shredder.\par
The Junk-Yard Lackey #2 pushes a few buttons and a louder, more gruesome metal eating sound begins, churning inside the already loud machine.\par
The Captives stand at the edge of the car shredder. \par
Panic arises with the first few men and women in line. CAPTIVE MAN #1 is closest to the edge.\par
CAPTIVE MAN #1\par
(scared)\par
What is that? \par
The Captive Man #1 feels the edge with his foot.\par
CAPTIVE MAN #1 (CONT\rquote D)\par
(terrified)\par
Jesus Christ!! Go back...\par
(pushing)\par
Go back...\par
The Captive Man #1 quickly turns and pushes the other Captives backwards. The Captives try to go back but Junk-Yard Boss shoots Captive Man #1 in the chest blowing a visible hole clean through him.\par
Reactions of the Captives through the hole in the back of the Captive Man #1, who just was shot. This causes panic and pandemonium with terrified screams as Captive Man #1 drops to his knees.\par
The Captive Man #1 falls backwards and hangs over the edge by the rope that is tied to his waist. The teeth of the car-shredder churning beneath him.\par
The remaining Captives are being pulled forward towards the shredder as they fight against the weight.\par
Captive Man #1 falls into the teeth of the car shredder and it quickly devours his body.\par
The rope breaks causing the remaining Captives to fall back, in surprise, as the line suddenly goes slack.\par
The remains of Captive Man #1 are being shot out into a gruesome pile of unrecognizable blood and shredded flesh.\par
Junk-Yard Boss wears an evil grin.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
(excited)\par
Wow... \par
(loudly; to himself)\par
I love this fucking job!\par
Junk-Yard Boss looks at the screaming panic-stricken captives as he points to the gruesome pile of body parts.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS (CONT\rquote D)\par
(sarcastically)\par
Did you fuckin\rquote  see that?\par
The fearful Captives scream and sob helplessly.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS (CONT\rquote D)\par
Of course you didn\rquote t... You blind fuckin\rquote  rats! \par
(eagerly)\par
Alright you mother fuckers! Who\rquote s next?\par
Junk-Yard Boss grabs CAPTIVE MAN #2, who is the next man in line.\par
CAPTIVE MAN #2\par
(scared for his life)\par
What have we done to you? You don\rquote t have to do this.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss unties the rope that connects Captive Man #2 to the rest of the fearful Captives, who are still screaming and crying hysterically.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss gets face to face with the blindfolded Captive Man #2.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
(smiling)\par
Yes... Yes I do!\par
Junk-Yard Boss quickly pushes Captive Man #2 backwards into the car shredder with a shout of pain before being consumed.\par
Dee and Lucinda are at the end of the line as they hear the haunting sounds erupting in front of them.\par
DEE\par
(scared)\par
Jesus Christ! \par
(terrified)\par
What the hell is going on?\par
Lucinda looks on in wide-eyed horror through the eyes of her black hockey mask. She looks down to her feet, trying to avoid the gruesome scene being played out before her.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared)\par
Misses Dee... \par
(begins to cry)\par
I\rquote m scared.\par
Dee pulls Lucinda close as she hears the fear in her voice.\par
DEE\par
(consoling)\par
Ohh, baby... Me too.\par
Dee feels the black hockey mask with her duct taped hands. She feels around for any signs of the duct-tape on Lucinda\rquote s eyes.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(surprised)\par
You can see! What do you see Lucy?\par
Dee quickly finds Lucinda\rquote s hands and realizes they are duct-taped as are hers. \par
Lucinda keeps her gaze towards the ground.\par
LUCINDA\par
(tearfully)\par
I don\rquote t want to see!\par
Junk-Yard Boss struggles with CAPTIVE WOMAN #1. She refuses to move forward, terrified and fighting. \par
\par
Lucinda begins to describe what is happening.\par
LUCINDA (CONT\rquote D)\par
(scared)\par
That scary man is trying to push the lady in...\par
Junk-Yard Boss grabs the Captive Woman #1 by the slackened rope and pulls with a powerful yell. \par
Captive Woman #1 falls into the car shredder, screaming hysterically. The other screaming and crying Captives begin to follow suit as they are yanked forward, and one by one they begin falling into the car shredder.\par
The other remaining Captives; including Billy, Dee and Lucinda are being pulled forward. They are pulled off their feet and drug, kicking and screaming, towards the car shredder.\par
Billy is in front of Dee and Lucinda. He is screaming out in fear as he is being pulled across the floor of the ramp.\par
BILLY\par
(scared; shouting)\par
Merv!! Where are you? Help!\par
Dee is being pulled up the ramp, on her back. She flails, searching frantically for something to grab onto.\par
Dee hits her head against a metal rail, knocking her out. \par
EXT. DERIAN HOUSE (FLASH BACK) - DAY\par
Dee lies on her back in a sled. She is being pulled along the snowy ground, in the front yard, by Georgie. \par
Dee falls off the sled and lands face first in the snow.\par
Dee looks up at Georgie with snow covering her face and Georgie starts laughing, pointing at his mom.\par
EXT. JUNK-YARD / MAIN WORK YARD - LATE AFTERNOON\par
Dee regains consciousness, finding herself still being drug forward, towards Billy and the car shredder. \par
DEE\par
(dazed)\par
Georgie...\par
The Junk-Yard Boss stands at the edge of the car shredder looking down into the mouth of the man eating machine. \par
The remaining Captives are being pulled, one by one, into the car shredders flesh devouring teeth.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss wears his evil grin.\par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
(amused)\par
That\rquote s right you fucking rats... I am the Pied-fucking-Piper, leading you all straight to fucking hell!\par
Billy, Dee and Lucinda quickly approach the edge of the car shredder. They are all that remains of the captives and are about to be swallowed and spit out by the flesh eating machine. The car shredder nearly drowns out the pleas from Billy and Lucinda as they are being pulled up the ramp.\par
\par
Billy goes over the edge, but manages to hold onto the side with his bound hands as he comes to a quick jolting stop.\par
The rope pulls him in towards the teeth of the machine. The rope stretches and finally snaps, leaving Billy dangling over the gyrating teeth of the car shredder.\par
The metal teeth nip at Billy\rquote s feet and he yells out in fear.\par
BILLY\par
(screaming)\par
Fuck! Please, pull me up.\par
Shawn has a hold of the end of the rope. \par
Lucinda notices Shawn and yells out.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared)\par
Bubba, save us...\par
Shawn pulls on the rope with one hand and yells out.\par
SHAWN\par
(straining)\par
I\rquote m trying...\par
The Junk-Yard Boss turns to view the interruption.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss draws up his shotgun and cocks it. \par
JUNK-YARD BOSS\par
(angry)\par
Die, you mother-fucker!\par
Shawn has one hand on the rope and the other on his already drawn pistol. \par
Shawn\rquote s finger pulls the trigger. A shot rings out as the flair of smoke and fire discharges from the pistol. \par
The bullet flies towards the Junk-Yard Boss and shatters his teeth into pieces which fly through the air. A mist of blood, brain matter, and skull explode out the back of his head.\par
SHAWN\par
(straining, angry)\par
No! You die mother-fucker.\par
The lifeless Junk-Yard Boss falls backwards, past Billy, and into the car shredder creating a sloppy mess.\par
The Junk-Yard Boss\rquote s remains are being spewed out onto the huge pile of unrecognizable body parts and clothing that now litter the snow covered ground.\par
Shawn quickly drops the pistol and focuses on pulling the rope with both hands.\par
The pistol slides down to the bottom of the ramp.\par
Shawn pulls the rope until Billy is completely out of danger.\par
Billy kneels on the ramp.\par
BILLY\par
(thankful)\par
Thank god! Merv? Is that you?\par
Shawn releases his grip on the rope and collapses, unconscious, onto the ramp.\par
Lucinda reacts with concern for Shawn. \par
LUCINDA\par
(scared)\par
Bubba!\par
The locket falls, unnoticed, from inside of Shawn\rquote s jacket-pocket onto the snow packed earth near the car shredder.\par
Lucinda kneels over top of Shawn. She lifts her black hockey mask and grabs him tightly by his jacket.\par
LUCINDA (CONT\rquote D)\par
(crying)\par
Bubba! Get up!!!\par
Dee begins to crawl, blindly, towards Lucinda.\par
DEE\par
(concerned)\par
Lucy, you okay baby? Where are you?\par
Lucinda looks up from Shawn towards Dee. A look of hope fills her tear ridden face as she realizes Dee is alright.\par
LUCINDA\par
(thankful, scared)\par
Misses Dee! Please help Bubba. He\rquote s sleeping. Why is he sleeping? He won\rquote t wake up.\par
Dee sits up when she feels Shawn, lying on the floor of the cold metal ramp. \par
DEE\par
(hoping)\par
Lucy... Does Shawn have the big knife still?\par
Lucinda looks and notices the machete still on Shawn\rquote s hip.  \par
LUCINDA\par
(scared)\par
Yeah...\par
Dee breathes a thankful sigh of relief.\par
DEE\par
Good! See if you can grab it so we can cut our hands free.\par
Lucinda\rquote s tiny hands, still bound by duct tape, struggle to grab the handle of the big machete and unsheathe it. The metal slides from its sheath with a piercing ring.\par
Lucinda stares at the long blade, covered with blood.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(concerned)\par
Lucy, baby? We need to hurry. \par
Lucinda snaps out of her trance and moves over towards Dee.  \par
A strange hand picks up the pistol at the bottom of the ramp.\par
DEE (O.C.) (CONT\rquote D)\par
(motherly)\par
Lucy, take the knife and easily put it between my hands.\par
LUCINDA (O.C.)\par
(worried)\par
I\rquote m scared.\par
Lucinda is struggling to hold onto the big machete, and accidently drops it to the ground. \par
The Junk-Yard Lackey #2 takes aim with the pistol.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #2\par
(confident)\par
You should be, you sneaky fucking bitches...\par
Dee and Lucinda both scream out in fear and surprise. Lucinda quickly pulls her black hockey mask down and hugs Dee tightly.  \par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #2 (O.C.) (CONT\rquote D)\par
I\rquote ll make you four fucks regret what you have done. \par
The Junk-Yard Lackey #2 slowly approaches, aiming his pistol.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #2 (CONT\rquote D)\par
(incredulously)\par
Thought you could get past me?\par
The Junk-Yard Lackey #2 presses the pistol to Dee\rquote s forehead and kneels down beside her. He sticks his face in close to Dee\rquote s breasts and closes his eyes, breathing in her scent. He moves up to whisper into her ear.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #2 (CONT\rquote D)\par
Nobody... gets past me.\par
Dee shivers in disgust at the smell of his rancid breath.\par
DEE\par
(angered)\par
You\rquote re fucking disgusting. Your breath smells like shit!\par
Lucinda lets go of Dee and moves as far away, as she can, from Junk-Yard Lackey #2.\par
The Junk-Yard Lackey #2 stands back up and looks down at Dee, and Lucinda.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #2\par
(becomes enraged)\par
What, you fucking whore? You think you\rquote re better than me?\par
Junk-Yard Lackey #2 snatches Dee up by her hair and begins to drag her towards the car shredder as Dee screams out in pain.\par
Billy is jerked by the rope which attaches him to the girls. \par
BILLY\par
No. I don\rquote t want to die!\par
Lucinda screams out for Dee.\par
LUCINDA\par
(scared)\par
Misses Dee! Let her go!\par
Junk-Yard Lackey #2 drags Dee, Lucinda and Billy towards the edge once again.\par
JUNK-YARD LACKEY #2\par
(smiling)\par
Alright you fucking whore... I\rquote ll let you go first!\par
The Junk-Yard Lackey #2 pulls Dee\rquote s head back, preparing to fling her forward into the teeth below. A loud bang rings out and the head of the Junk-Yard Lackey #2 explodes. He lets go of Dee\rquote s hair, pulling her away from the edge. Dee blindly pushes the lifeless Junk-Yard Lackey #2 forward over the edge and into the mouth of the bone crushing teeth below.\par
Lucinda quickly turns to find MERV, a large and handsome mid-thirties man, holding a smoking rifle. \par
Lucinda is scared and runs over to Dee and clutches her side.\par
Merv, standing near the bottom of the ramp, lowers his rifle.\par
MERV\par
(with concern)\par
Hey, little girl, it\rquote s okay. I am one of the good guys.\par
Billy sits up with confidence as he hears Merv\rquote s voice.\par
BILLY\par
(relieved)\par
Merv! I knew you would come.\par
Merv is relieved to find his brother Billy. \par
MERV\par
(smiling)\par
Billy! Man am I glad you\rquote re still alive! \par
Merv pulls out a pocket knife and walks over to Billy. Merv grabs Billy\rquote s hands and cuts through the duct tape.\par
BILLY\par
(rubbing his hands)\par
Merv... I was scared you weren\rquote t going to come.\par
Merv quickly cuts through the duct tape that is covering Billy\rquote s eyes.\par
\par
Merv stops pulling the duct-tape free. Billy shields his eyes from the sudden brightness as he continues pulling the remaining duct tape from his face. \par
Merv helps Billy to his feet.\par
Billy finally regains his sight and looks around at the bloody carnage that surrounds them and he realizes that he barely escaped a horrific death.\par
BILLY (CONT\rquote D)\par
(looking around)\par
Jesus Christ, Merv... I\rquote m just thankful you showed up when you did.\par
Merv walks over to Dee who is now sitting up beside Lucinda. Merv kneels down next to them with his pocket-knife.\par
Lucinda stares at the pocket-knife slowly approaching Dee, she is still unsure of Merv\rquote s intentions, so she tries to pick up the machete that lays on the ground.\par
Merv quickly grabs the machete away from Lucinda.\par
MERV\par
(reassuring)\par
Hey now... settle down little lady. Ol\rquote  Merv isn\rquote t going to hurt you or your friend.\par
Lucinda slowly backs away from Merv.\par
Merv reaches down and grabs Dee\rquote s bound hands and with a quick slice from his pocket knife, he frees Dee\rquote s hands of the duct-tape.\par
Dee tries to pull the duct-tape away from her eyes.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
(concerned)\par
Hey, easy. I\rquote ll get that for you, you\rquote re gonna rip your hair out.\par
Merv reaches up to Dee\rquote s head with his pocket knife and he cuts through the duct tape, allowing Dee to peel it away from her face. \par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
(assuring)\par
Now isn\rquote t that much easier?\par
Dee\rquote s tries to adjust her eyes to the light of the day.\par
DEE\par
(focusing)\par
Thank you!\par
Merv stands-up next to Dee and holds the machete out towards her as she finds her feet and her sight. Dee suddenly jumps back beside Lucinda to protect her.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(scared)\par
Get back! This is for me.\par
Merv looks down at the machete and flips the machete in the air and catches it by the blade. Then, he hands it to Dee, hilt first. \par
MERV\par
(amused; reassuring)\par
Here... Take this. You\rquote ll need it more than me.\par
Dee slowly reaches out to grab the machete.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
(reassuring)\par
Go ahead... Take it, I\rquote m not going to hurt you guys. Okay? \par
Dee quickly grabs the hilt of the machete, wielding it protectively.\par
DEE\par
(unsure)\par
How do I know you\rquote re not going to try and hurt us?\par
Merv hands his pocket knife to Dee, trying to earn her trust.\par
MERV\par
If I was going to hurt you girls? I would have done it already.\par
(handing the knife)\par
Here, take this and cut her hands free.\par
Dee cautiously grabs the pocket knife from Merv\rquote s hands.\par
Dee sets the machete down by her side and begins to cut the duct-tape free from Lucinda\rquote s hands.\par
Merv looks into Dee\rquote s eyes.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
Well, lady, you seem pretty protective of your cub there. So, I would say your not one of these sick son-of-a-bitches. By the way you\rquote re acting, I\rquote m going to assume you haven\rquote t lost your mind... at least, not yet.                 \par
BILLY\par
(interrupting; praising)\par
Merv is my brother. You girls can trust us. Plus, he did pull us out of the that fire. That has to count for something.\par
Lucinda quickly clutches onto Shawn with her now free hands.\par
LUCINDA\par
(worried)\par
My brother is the one who pulled us free.\par
Merv looks down at Shawn, and then over to Dee and Lucinda.\par
MERV\par
(assuming)\par
There you go. Your boy here, saved my brothers life... and besides that... why would I save yours if I wanted to hurt you? \par
Dee ignores the question and begins to look over at Shawn, who is passed out in a pool of blood that has formed underneath him. Shawn\rquote s skin looks very pale.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
(curious)\par
What happened to him?\par
DEE\par
He was shot. We need to get him to a hospital or something? The bullet is still lodged in his stomach.\par
Merv kneels down next to Shawn to examine the wound.\par
MERV\par
(nodding direction)\par
We have a boat down on the river. Ol\rquote  Billy and I have some medical supplies there and some sterile tools that can help us remove this bullet from your boy\rquote s side.\par
(looking in Dee\rquote s eyes)\par
So what do you say lady? Not only that, the way things look right now... with this whole place going crazy. Being on the water will be our safest bet.\par
Dee really studies Merv carefully now.\par
DEE\par
(curious)\par
So its happening everywhere?\par
Merv replies with a shoulder-shrug.\par
MERV\par
(unsure)\par
As far as I know? All the roads and bridges that cross this river are impassable, and this whole town has erupted. So we have no choice but to be on the river for now.\par
Dee looks from Merv to Lucinda and back down to Shawn.\par
Merv and Billy look at the trio before them.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
(reassuring)\par
So what do say? You gonna let me and my brother here, help save your boy\rquote s life? Or, you want to sit around and wait for more of these sick creeps to show up? Because, we need to get going, like yesterday. So if you\rquote re coming? We need to go now.\par
Dee looks from Shawn, back to Lucinda, and stands up with the knife and machete in her hands. She looks down at Merv who is still kneeling beside Shawn and threatens him with the point of the machete aimed at his throat. \par
DEE\par
Okay, lets just know this! I only say yes because I need your help right now. But, if you...\par
(aiming the pocket knife at Billy)\par
Or your brother... get any crazy dick-head ideas or think you can take advantage of us?\par
(Billy ducks behind Merv)\par
I already had to kill my best-friend today and I sure as hell won\rquote t hesitate to take your asses down. Do you two understand that?\par
Dee looks from Merv over to Billy who\rquote s standing behind Merv. \par
Merv turns, so he and Billy share a look, before turning back to Dee.\par
MERV\par
(agreeing)\par
Yes.\par
BILLY\par
(agreeing)\par
Yes, mam.\par
Dee continues her threats.\par
DEE\par
(threatening)\par
Good, because you two try anything?\par
(looking at her blades)\par
So help me God, I will--\par
Merv stands up and pushes the machete away. \par
MERV\par
(reassuring)\par
Whoa! Lady settle down. I know its hard to believe, but not everyone has lost their minds. All we\rquote re trying to do is offer you some help... and maybe give your boy here a chance to survive? So, if you\rquote re in? Let\rquote s go. Billy and I will carry him. You just watch out for your girl here, which I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll do just fine.\par
Dee displays her steel-like determination. \par
DEE\par
(assuring)\par
You\rquote re damn right I will! \par
Dee looks down at Lucinda.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
You alright with this?\par
Lucinda looks at Dee for a moment before she nods her black hockey masked-head in agreement.\par
LUCINDA\par
(worried)\par
Yeah... If they can help Bubba?\par
Dee looks back at Merv and Billy.\par
DEE\par
(determined)\par
Well, you heard her. You better help him.\par
Merv bends down to Shawn wearing a small, unnoticed, grin. Merv waves Billy over to help him with Shawn.\par
MERV\par
Well, come on. You heard the lady. Help me get him up.\par
Billy rushes over to help Merv lift Shawn up. \par
Stella falls out from inside Shawn\rquote s jacket and lands on the ground.\par
Lucinda notices Stella and quickly rushes over and picks her up, hugging her tight.\par
LUCINDA\par
Oh Stella! I knew Bubba would save you.\par
Merv looks at Dee and Lucinda.\par
MERV\par
(directing)\par
Well, follow us, and stay close.\par
Dee grabs Lucinda\rquote s hand, while looking down at her.\par
DEE\par
(concerned)\par
You ready Lucy?\par
Lucinda looks up at Dee through the eyeholes of the black hockey mask.\par
LUCINDA\par
(worried)\par
Yeah... \par
Merv, Billy, Shawn, Dee and Lucinda all head towards the front gates of the junk-yard.\par
Above the tree-line, the river snakes off in the distance. Fires and smoke spot the landscape as Merv, Billy, Shawn, Dee and Lucinda exit the front gates. They vanish into the woods.\par
EXT. DOCKS / RIVER BOAT - LATER\par
Merv carries Shawn, draped over his shoulder, as he leads everyone on board. Merv gives Billy a stern look.\par
Only needing a look from his mate, Billy prepares to launch the river boat.\par
DEE\par
Will it float?\par
Lucinda removes the black hockey mask and pinches her nose.\par
LUCINDA\par
It stinks!!!\par
MERV\par
She floats.\par
(to Lucinda; amused)\par
I can\rquote t smell it anymore. Guess I spend way too much time out here. \par
(to everyone)\par
We need to take him into the cabin.\par
Merv opens the door to the Cabin as he leads the way in.\par
INT. RIVER BOAT / CABIN - CONTINUOUS\par
Merv turns on a light as he carries Shawn to the table and lays him down. \par
MERV\par
Get his shirt and bandages off and clean him up.\par
(grabbing a bottle of whisky and a first aid kit from the shelf)\par
Take this...\par
(handing the kit to Dee and goes for a glass cup to put whisky in.)\par
I\rquote m gonna\rquote  get us movin\rquote  and safely out on the river and will be right back to see what we can do for your boy.\par
Merv unscrews the cap from the whisky bottle, takes a long-pull, and begins pouring a glass of whisky for Dee.\par
Lucinda looks questioningly at Merv.\par
LUCINDA\par
Can I see the rest of the boat?\par
Merv finishes pouring the whisky and puts the cap back on the bottle.\par
MERV\par
(to Lucinda)\par
Just stay here for now... I will be right back and we\rquote ll get that bullet out... then I will show you everything... I promise!\par
Merv hands the glass to Dee.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to Dee)\par
Here you go... might help?\par
(bottle held aloft)\par
This is for me.\par
Dee accepts the drink.\par
DEE\par
Thank you!\par
Dee sets the drink down and continues cutting Shawn\rquote s bloody dressings with the pocket knife. \par
Merv walks out, closing the door behind him, leaving Dee and Lucinda to care for Shawn.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to Lucinda)\par
You alright Lucy?\par
Lucinda looks at Shawn as he lays sprawled out on the table.\par
LUCINDA\par
(suffocating)\par
I... I-I just... No...\par
(going for the door)\par
Me and Stella need to get some air. I\rquote ll be right back.\par
DEE\par
Wait!\par
Lucinda bolts out the cabin door which closes behind her.\par
Dee finishes cutting the bandages.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
You don\rquote t...\par
(long pause; giving up)\par
Oh, well...\par
Dee picks up the glass, sips the whisky and sets it down, then removes the cut bandages and begins cleaning the wound.\par
EXT. RIVER BOAT - MOMENTS LATER\par
Lucinda holds Stella in a loving hug as she leans against the cabin bulkhead. The boat engine rumbles as the dock recedes. \par
LUCINDA\par
(whispering; to Stella)\par
I\rquote m afraid, Stella. I want to go home... I won\rquote t let anyone hurt you though... I\rquote m just worried about Bubba. He\rquote s--\par
The wheelhouse door opens and Lucinda looks on from the shadows as Merv leaves the wheelhouse.\par
MERV\par
(angered; quietly)\par
Alright... I fuckin\rquote  promise... You can have the little one. Just shut the fuck up and get us to a good fuckin\rquote  place and drop the god-damn anchor... I\rquote ll take care of the fuckin\rquote  rest. \par
BILLY\par
Fuckin\rquote  Aye... Thanks Mer--\par
Merv slams the door to the wheelhouse and Lucinda hurries back inside the cabin before being spotted by Merv.\par
INT. RIVER BOAT / CABIN - CONTINUOUS\par
Shawn is shirtless, pale and lays almost lifeless on the galley table. Dee looks up towards the door as she finishes cleaning the wound.\par
Lucinda closes the door quickly and carefully, before moving into the room.\par
Dee uses her forearm to wipe the blur from her eyes.\par
DEE\par
There you are. You should have stayed in here.\par
Lucinda moves near to Dee.\par
LUCINDA\par
(behind her mask)\par
I don\rquote t think it\rquote s safe here.\par
MERV (O.C.)\par
(knowing)\par
Safest place is probably here on the river.\par
Merv closes the door to the cabin and walks in.\par
Lucinda backs away with Stella wrapped protectively in her arms.\par
Dee continues to clean the blood from Shawn\rquote s bullet wound.\par
DEE\par
(sweating)\par
We need to get that bullet out. \par
(wiping the sweat from her brow)\par
I don\rquote t think he can last much longer.\par
Merv smirks as he picks-up and examines Dee\rquote s empty glass. The boat-engine suddenly goes silent as Merv moves to stow it away where he originally picked it up.\par
MERV\par
(to Dee)\par
At once, my lady. \par
Lucinda continues slowly moving back and away from Merv.\par
Merv walks forward.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
Let me just get my tools.\par
Merv pulls a set of keys from his pocket as he walks over to a storage-chest that sits on the floor. \par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
Don\rquote t you worry though... I can do this good. \par
Merv finds the right key and sets to unlocking it, then lifts the lid.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
My uncle Pugh was a butcher.\par
Lucinda backs into the bulkhead, sliding down into a crouch.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
(smiling)\par
I like using knives and sharp tools a-lot...\par
Merv pulls out a large burlap sack out of the storage chest and removes some large metal objects from the sack that he sets to the side. He then reaches back into the chest for the heavy duty chains.\par
Dee blinks her eyes and takes a deep breath. She is sweating more profusely now as she moves her hands to her face and touches her cheeks with her fingers.\par
DEE\par
(eyes shut; nauseous)\par
I think...\par
(swallowing)\par
I\rquote m going to get sick.\par
Dee looks at her hands in a confused stupor.\par
Merv drags the heavy duty chain out from the chest and piles it on the floor.\par
MERV\par
And of course, being a fisherman...\par
Lucinda sits against the bulkhead, softly crying to Stella.\par
\par
Merv grabs the heavy duty chain and the burlap sack, carrying them over to the table.\par
Dee suddenly realizes what happened.\par
DEE\par
(slowly; groggy)\par
The Drink!\par
(slowly; trying to stand)\par
What did...\par
(slowly; standing there)\par
...you give...\par
(silently; looking down)\par
...me?\par
Merv attaches the shackle, at the end of the chain, to Shawn\rquote s wrist and the other end to the bottom of the table. \par
Dee tries to reach for her legs as Merv continues shackling Shawn to the table. She falls to the floor and watches helplessly.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(softly and dryly)\par
Help--\par
MERV\par
(laughing)\par
What did we give you?\par
Merv finishes shackling Shawn to the table and walks over, picking up Dee\rquote s head forcing her to look at him.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
Well, that... my chocolate beauty, is Billy\rquote s special concoction. Horse tranquilizer mostly. Figured if it is good enough for a horse, it would work for people too.\par
(quizzically)\par
What? Oh yeah! You wanted me to fix that boy up in a hurry didn\rquote t you?\par
Merv drops Dee\rquote s head back to the floor with a thud as he rises back up.\par
Merv walks back over to Shawn and grabs the burlap sack, removing a bloody meat cleaver and other grizzly tools that he sets on the table. Merv grabs a knife and holds it up to inspect the edge.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
You will learn...\par
(looking at Dee)\par
...to like it here.\par
(looking back to Shawn)\par
You will learn that I am a fair owner.\par
Merv slowly and teasingly traces the knife around Shawn\rquote s eye and jaw-line.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
You are mine now. You will eat and drink when I say.\par
(tracing the knife point down Shawn\rquote s neck)\par
Fuck who I say, when I say.\par
Dee watches on helplessly as Merv slides the knife down Shawn\rquote s chest. Merv looks down at Dee again.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
When you disobey I will have to fuck you up, but it won\rquote t take long until you learn to worship me properly. \par
(pointing the knife at Dee)\par
You are my Bitch!\par
(and then towards Lucinda)\par
Just like that little fuckin\rquote  slut is Billy\rquote s.\par
Lucinda continues sitting on the floor, holding Stella close, as her cries grow quiet.\par
MERV (O.C.) (CONT\rquote D)\par
He likes them young. They always end up dead in a couple days though.\par
Billy suddenly comes rushing in through the cabin door.\par
BILLY\par
Dropped anchor Merv... \par
(looking at the girls)\par
...should be good now.\par
Merv sets the knife down and picks up the meat-cleaver.\par
MERV\par
(to everyone)\par
Speak of the devil...\par
(to Billy; nodding at girls)\par
I was just talking about you to our new fuck-toys over there.\par
Billy moves over to Dee with a broad smile.\par
BILLY\par
Do you like the buzz? I know you can\rquote t move... \par
(sliding his hand down Dee\rquote s breast)\par
...but, you can still feel everything.\par
Merv becomes furious and protective of Dee.\par
MERV\par
Get your mother-fuckin\rquote  hands off her! You got your own little whore to fuck now. Don\rquote t fuckin\rquote  touch mine or I\rquote ll break your god damn fingers.\par
Billy pulls his hand away from Dee\rquote s breast.\par
BILLY\par
(to Merv)\par
Alright! Damn! Fuck Merv, I wasn\rquote t going to do anything to her. I like mine. I haven\rquote t been able to stop thinking about her.\par
Billy walks over to look at Lucinda, close up, and he lifts her black hockey mask to caress her face gently.\par
BILLY (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to Lucinda)\par
So innocent... \par
(intriguing smiling)\par
Do you want to play a game with me?\par
Merv looks down at Shawn.\par
MERV\par
Now, this mother-fucker... Can\rquote t believe he is still alive. Tough son-of-a-bitch. But, I just don\rquote t think he will make it!\par
Merv swings the meat-cleaver down, making a solid chop into Shawn\rquote s abdomen, causing Shawn to awaken in a sudden cry of pain. \par
Lucinda tries to run past Billy.\par
LUCINDA\par
(horrified; reaching out)\par
Bubba!\par
Billy reaches out, grabbing Lucinda from behind, lifting her into the air.\par
BILLY\par
No, no, no!!! Not so fast my little one.\par
Dee\rquote s index-finger lifts off the floor as she tries to move.\par
Merv rips the bloody meat-cleaver free from Shawn\rquote s chest with a spray of blood and another scream from Shawn. \par
Shawn\rquote s head lolls weakly.\par
Merv sinks the bloody meat-cleaver through Shawn\rquote s ribs, on the side of the wound, creating a slice on each side. \par
Shawn coughs and gurgles on blood.\par
Lucinda\rquote s black hockey mask rides the top of her head. She bites down on Billy\rquote s arm and he yells out in pain as he relinquishes his grip.\par
Lucinda hits the floor running towards Shawn.\par
LUCINDA\par
(crying; scared)\par
Let him go.\par
Lucinda lunges towards Shawn, pulling on his leg, as Billy holds his arm, inspecting his wound.\par
Merv swings a pair of cutters towards Lucinda, glancing off the black hockey mask, still on top of her head.\par
Lucinda crashes into the bulkhead behind her and then down to the floor as Merv proceeds to kick her.\par
MERV\par
(growling; kicking)\par
You stupid little fuckin\rquote  cunt.\par
(kicking)\par
Take that!\par
(to Billy; kicking)\par
What the fuck Billy? You need to fuckin\rquote  learn how to keep your bitches under control.\par
Lucinda lays still, with the black hockey mask covering her face once again, and Merv stops kicking her.\par
Billy moves to get Lucinda.\par
BILLY\par
(sarcastic)\par
Phhhffftt! Alright, I got her.\par
MERV\par
(pushing Billy; assertive)\par
Fuck that... she\rquote s out... go hoist the anchor and we\rquote ll head over to Pop\rquote s. I\rquote ll finish cutting up this fuckin\rquote  bait and take care of these two-bitches. I\rquote ll meet you in the wheelhouse in a few minutes.\par
Billy looks at Lucinda with longing and hunger in his eyes.\par
BILLY\par
(sullen)\par
Alright Merv.\par
Billy turns and walks out the cabin door. Merv goes back to cutting up Shawn. \par
Merv uses a sharp knife to cut the rest of the way around Shawn\rquote s wound.\par
Merv begins removing intestines and snapping the cartilage in the rib-cage as he bends the ribs out of the way.\par
Merv reaches into Shawn\rquote s corpse and removes a blood covered bullet, holding it up to inspect it closely.\par
MERV\par
(to Dee)\par
Looks like your friend here got shot by a rifle. Some crazy mother-fucker must have thought he was shooting a fuckin\rquote  buffalo or something.\par
Merv tosses the bullet onto the floor and it rolls in front of Dee\rquote s face. Dee slowly, struggles to reach out, grasping the bullet as Merv goes back to cutting Shawn into large pieces to be used as fish-bait.\par
EXT. RIVER BOAT - CONTINUOUS\par
Billy finishes hoisting the anchor. \par
The bow of a canoe bangs against the hull of the boat.\par
Billy moves to investigate the sound.\par
BILLY\par
(confused)\par
Huh?\par
Billy stretches his neck out to see just a portion of the bow of a canoe that has been tied off to the boat.\par
BILLY (CONT\rquote D)\par
(perplexed)\par
What the--\par
Billy\rquote s head is suddenly pulled back by a fist grasping the top of his hair. Thadius quickly slits Billy\rquote s throat with a spray of blood. \par
Thadius removes Billy\rquote s head from his body and throws his headless corpse into the river. Thadius then holds Billy\rquote s head aloft so as to admire his new trophy.\par
INT. RIVER BOAT / CABIN - CONTINUOUS\par
Dee struggles to rise from the floor.\par
Merv walks over and kneels next to Dee.\par
MERV\par
You are really fighting that shit. I like that! \par
(stroking Dee\rquote s hair)\par
I like that a... \par
(growling; clinching a fistful of hair)\par
...lot!\par
Dee gasps with pain as Merv uses his hand-hold to force her up into a sitting position.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
You are going to be the best fuckin\rquote  slut I\rquote ve had in a long time. I know it will take some time.\par
(laughing to himself)\par
Not nearly as long as your thinking right now though... You will be begging to please your master... But, for now, we just have to do it the hard way...\par
Merv punches Dee solidly in the face, causing her eyes to loll back as her body goes limp. Merv drops Dee face-down onto the floor and begins to zip-tie her hands together.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
Don\rquote t want you getting hurt. Zip-ties are all I have on board here. \par
Merv rolls Dee onto her back.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
When we get to Pop\rquote s, you\rquote ll be able to dress properly and I\rquote ll give you a good collar.\par
Merv turns towards Lucinda with another zip-tie in hand.\par
MERV (CONT\rquote D)\par
(surprised)\par
Uhh--\par
Lucinda buries Shawn\rquote s machete deep into the top of Merv\rquote s forehead. Stella dangles by an arm from Lucinda\rquote s two-handed grip on the handle. \par
Lucinda uses her foot to push Merv onto his back. She then rips the bloody machete free from Merv\rquote s skull with a fountain of blood, skull and brain matter.\par
Lucinda stands back up, holding the machete in her right hand and Stella in her left. Lucinda lets go of Stella and the doll falls to the floor as she looks from Merv to Dee. \par
Lucinda rushes over to rescue Dee and cut the zip-tie with her machete.\par
LUCINDA\par
(fearful)\par
Misses Dee, are you alright? I don\rquote t want to be here anymore. I want to go...\par
DEE\par
(dazed)\par
Lucy... I\rquote m okay... help me up and we\rquote ll get out of here.\par
A loud and deliberate hand-clapping comes from behind as both Dee and Lucinda turn and look towards the cabin entrance. \par
Thadius stands in the cabin entrance, laughing, with creepy decrepid heads dangling from the butchers meat hooks that run up and down his chest and circle his waist.\par
THADIUS\par
(admiring; to Lucinda)\par
Now there is a real hunter. I see so much real potential in you. We can hunt together, you and me.\par
(looking at Shawn\rquote s corpse)\par
I will let you finish your hunt while I collect what is mine.\par
Thadius advances and proceeds to decapitate Shawn\rquote s corpse with his knife.\par
Dee weakly motions to Lucinda.\par
DEE\par
(struggling; whispering)\par
Run Lucy! Look for a way off the boat. Go now!\par
Lucinda responds by giving Dee a quick pleading look before she rushes out the cabin door.\par
Thadius cuts off Shawn\rquote s head and pierces the jaw, attaching it to his \ldblquote butchers meat hooks,\rdblquote  becoming another of the collection of skulls that drape from his shoulders and waist.\par
Dee tries to get Thadius\rquote  attention.\par
DEE (CONT\rquote D)\par
(to Thadius)\par
Thadius. Don\rquote t you know me?\par
Thadius looks back at Dee and notices Lucinda\rquote s absence.\par
THADIUS\par
(loudly; looking around confused)\par
Where did you go little one? \par
(studying Dee)\par
You left your prey...\par
Thadius, having unsheathed his knife, flips it up into the air. Thadius catches the knife by the blade and then begins his throwing motion. There is a loud groan and everything jolts as the boat lurches into the river bank, sending everything and everyone flying across the cabin.\par
EXT. RIVER BANK - CONTINUOUS\par
The river-boat runs aground near a large shopping center with its parking lots filled with thousands of bloody and battle scarred Affected.\par
Dee bursts out of the cabin and onto the deck of the boat, looking worse for wear.\par
Lucinda stands up in the canoe, still tied to the river-boat.\par
LUCINDA\par
(shouting; waiving her arms)\par
Over here Misses Dee. Hurry!\par
Dee staggers towards the canoe.\par
Thadius exits the cabin and raises his rifle in order to take aim at Dee.\par
Dee reaches the railing. Thadius fires his rifle and the railing next to Dee\rquote s hand explodes into splintered particles.\par
Thadius goes to reload but finds himself out of ammunition. He tosses the rifle to the deck and rushes towards Dee and Lucinda.\par
Dee jumps into the frigid water, fighting the shock of the sudden and enveloping cold as she tries to untie the canoe.\par
The Affected swarm towards the river, having noticed the commotion. \par
Dee looks over her shoulder at the affected running towards her.\par
Thadius splashes as he jumps in the water.\par
Lucinda looks at all the Affected swarming towards them.\par
LUCINDA (CONT\rquote D)\par
(screaming)\par
They are coming!\par
Dee moves through the icy-water, still working the knot.\par
DEE\par
(shivering)\par
Get down low.\par
Dee finally unties the knot and pushes the canoe out into the river current. Thadius reaches Dee, grasping her around her neck. \par
Dee struggles as Thadius pulls her towards the bank and up out the water, before they are both swallowed up by the tide of Affected who rush in attacking wildly.\par
Thadius lets go of Dee, who falls to the ground, and begins defending himself against the wave of Affected who are now attacking him and each other. Dee wants to flee but she can only roll onto her back.\par
More Affected rush in from the parking lot above, completely surrounding Dee as she sits on the river-bank. It has become like a crazy mosh-pit in which the Affected bite and take wild swings at Dee and each-other. \par
Dee is beat and battered and close to unconsciousness. She can barely lift her arms as a large Wild Affected Woman looks on gleefully before smashing her boot down into Dee\rquote s face.\par
EXT. PARIS / LARGE FOUNTAIN (FLASHBACK) - DAY (16 YEARS EARLIER)\par
Michael kneels down, having just proposed and places an engagement ring on Dee\rquote s finger.\par
MICHAEL\par
(smiling)\par
...forever!\par
EXT. RIVER BANK - DUSK\par
A gnarly man-dirty and blood spattered, leans over Dee, with a wild look in his maddened eyes. He lifts Dee up above his head.\par
Dee is being passed around above the heads of the Affected as they continue going wild in a bustle of shoving and fighting.\par
The Affected crowd passes underneath Dee. A teenage girl bites a chunk out of some guy\rquote s face-around his eyebrow, causing him to scream in agony.\par
INT. CHURCH (FLASHBACK) - DEE\rquote S POV - DAY (15 YEARS AGO)\par
Dee holds a bouquet of flowers in her hand. \par
There are guests sitting in the pews behind her.\par
DEE (O.C.)\par
I do!\par
Michael stands next to her as they stand before a MINISTER.\par
MINISTER\par
(smiling)\par
I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.\par
Michael smiles happily while lifting Dee\rquote s veil and leaning in to kiss his bride. Dee closes her eyes before receiving the kiss.\par
EXT. SHOPPING CENTER PARKING LOT - DUSK\par
A defiled and Decrepid Corpse is being held aloft by the masses of Affected who are holding up Dee. An eye and arm are missing and a metal stake is sticking out from the ribs, the one remaining eye is open blindly. The Decrepid Corpse bumps up against Dee before moving on above the crowd. A hammer is wedged into the side of the skull.\par
INT. HOSPITAL (FLASHBACK) - MORNING (15 YEARS EARLIER)\par
A new-born-baby rests in Dee\rquote s arms. Michael smiles proudly.\par
We HEAR a loud bang.\par
EXT. SHOPPING CENTER PARKING LOT - DUSK\par
A Tattooed Affected Man aims a pistol at the swarm of Affected, as he spins around, creating a small space between him and the Affected swarm. Amongst screams and shouts, the Tattooed Affected Man begins laughing hysterically. He comes to a stop and stares directly at Dee before stopping his laughter. He then puts the barrel of the pistol in his mouth. \par
Blood, brains, and bits of skull explode out the back of the Tattooed Affected Man\rquote s head, showering the Affected behind him, as he pulls the trigger. His lifeless body collapses to the ground and is swallowed up by the swarm of Affected.\par
The Affected hold Dee aloft, suddenly they let go and she falls to the ground, bouncing her head off the pavement with a crack.\par
INT. WHITE ROOM\par
There is only white. \par
GEORGIE (O.C.)\par
Mommy!\par
SKYLER (O.C.)\par
Stay here with us.\par
Michael, Skyler, and Georgie all suddenly appear before Dee, looking at her lovingly.\par
EXT. SHOPPING CENTER PARKING LOT - DUSK\par
The sky is filled with brilliant auroras of various hues of vivid-color as the sun sets in the distance amongst the already orange and pink sky. The Affected stand around Dee, as they try to clear space amongst each-other. A loud jet engine roars as it approaches and some of the Affected turn to look. \par
A stealth-bomber. The bomb bay doors open and release a bomb.\par
A dazed and GRIMY BUSINESSMAN wields a blood smeared baseball bat in his hands. He looks at the carnage surrounding him with a confused and incredulous look. He drops the bat to the ground when he notices what he is holding.\par
GRIMY BUSINESSMAN\par
(surprised; fearful)\par
Where am I? What the hell happened?\par
The Bomb drops through the sky with a screeching-whistle.\par
A recently affected Red-Haired Woman realizes that she is lying on top a dead girl, and releases her grip on the knife that is embedded in the dead girls face. She reacts in horror and screams as she quickly gains her feet. She looks around in amazement at her predicament. The thousands of people surrounding her all seem to be lost and confused, as well.\par
The Bomb continues to drop through the sky.\par
The recently Affected look towards the sky.\par
The Bomb continues to fall.\par
Dee closes her eyes and a tear runs down her cheek.\par
The swarm of recently Affected watch in confusion as the bomb Explodes in the distance.\par
A large Mushroom Cloud forms in the wake of the bomb.\par
A Shock-Wave, of fire and debris, rips through the landscape.\par
The Shock-Wave disintegrates the swarm of recently Affected standing in the nearby streets and parking lots. \par
The Shock-Wave takes out buildings and turns people to ashes.\par
The shock-wave heads towards the river-bank as Lucinda looks on, in shocked horror, from her place in the canoe. \par
The mushroom cloud and the shock-wave reflect in Lucinda\rquote s eyes as it approaches.\par
Lucinda turns away from the explosion, in fear, and quickly jumps down to the bottom of her canoe.\par
The Shock-Wave rolls over the canoe, overturning it and obscuring everything with fire, dust and debris.\par
FADE OUT:\par
THE END - ROLL CREDITS\par
}
 